Entree Recipes


Apple Cider Pork Tenderloin With Sweet Potatoes


Ingredients
1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 pound) pork tenderloin
2 Fuji apples
1 red onion
1 white-fleshed sweet potato
4 tablespoons unsalted butter,
2 cups apple cider
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
fresh thyme sprigs for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) and line a
sheet pan with parchment. Combine garlic, salt, pepper,
thyme and smoked paprika in a small bowl. Pat tenderloin dry
with paper towels. Coat all sides with half of seasoning
mixture, using fingertips to rub into the meat. Let seasoned
tenderloin stand at room temperature while other ingredients
are being prepped. Combine apples, red onion, and sweet
potato in a bowl. Sprinkle with remaining seasoning mixture
and stir to combine. Melt 2 tablespoons butter, pour over
seasoned mixture, and stir to coat. Spread in a single layer
on the prepared baking sheet. Roast in the center of the
preheated oven, uncovered, for about 10 minutes. Meanwhile,
melt remaining butter in a large skillet over medium-high
heat. When butter stops sizzling, add tenderloin to the
skillet and brown on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Nestle tenderloin into the middle of the sheet pan with
apple mixture. Return pan to the oven and roast while glaze
is prepared, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, for glaze, to the
same skillet add apple cider, red wine vinegar, and Dijon
mustard. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a full
rolling boil. Allow liquid to reduce to about 1 cup, and
spoon generously over tenderloin and apple mixture. Continue
roasting until the internal temperature of the thickest part
of pork reaches 140 degrees F (60 degrees C), 5 to 10
minutes more. Remove from the oven and tent with foil. Allow
to rest about 5 minutes. Residual cooking should bring pork
up to 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), when tested with an
instant read thermometer. To serve, slice pork into 1/2-inch
slices, garnish with fresh thyme, and serve with roasted
vegetables and apples.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/apple-cider-pork-tenderloin-with-sweet-potatoes-recipe-8774666 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Apple Cider Pork Tenderloin With Sweet Potatoes


BLT Egg Sliders


Ingredients
8 slices bacon
12 extra large hard boiled eggs
2 teaspoons mayonnaise
2 Roma tomatoes
12 leaves Bibb lettuce
3/4 teaspoon seasoned salt

Cooking Instructions

Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high
heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10
minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Break bacon
slices into thirds when cool enough to handle. Slice eggs in
half lengthwise. Place 12 egg halves on a serving plate. Set
other egg halves aside. Spread mayonnaise on 12 egg halves.
Top each with 2 pieces of bacon. Top each with 1 tomato
slice and 1 folded lettuce leaf. Top each with a reserved
egg half. Secure each "slider" with a toothpick. Sprinkle
with seasoned salt and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/blt-egg-sliders-recipe-8743788 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=BLT Egg Sliders


Baked Burger Dogs


Ingredients
2 tablespoons melted butter or oil
1 1/2 pounds ground beef
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1/3 cup red onion
1/3 cup diced dill or sweet pickles, well drained
6 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded, divided
8 hot dog buns

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease a
large 15x10-inch casserole dish with 1 tablespoon melted
butter or oil. Add beef, salt, black pepper, garlic powder,
red onion, pickles, and 4 ounces shredded cheese to a bowl,
and use a fork to mix until all ingredients are evenly
combined. Divide beef mixture into 8 equal portions. Using
damp fingers, shape 1 portion into a log and gently press
onto the bottom of a hot dog bun. Lightly press bun
together, trapping the meat, and place stuffed bun in the
baking dish with meat facing straight up. Repeat until all 8
buns are stuffed. Brush all exposed areas of buns with
remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter or oil, and sprinkle
over remaining 2 ounces of cheese. Bake in the preheated
oven until meat is no longer pink at the center, and buns
are golden brown and crispy on the edges, about 25 minutes.
An instant-read thermometer inserted near the center should
read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Serve immediately with
classic burger and hot dog toppings and condiments.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/baked-burger-dogs-recipe-8657289 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baked Burger Dogs


Baked Ham and Cheese Sliders


Ingredients
¾ cup melted butter
1 ½ tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 ½ teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 ½ tablespoons poppy seeds
1 tablespoon dried minced onion
24 mini sandwich rolls
1 pound thinly sliced cooked deli ham
1 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Mix butter,
Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce, poppy seeds, and dried
onion in a bowl. Separate the tops from the bottoms of the
rolls; arrange the bottom pieces in a layer in the prepared
baking dish. Layer about 1/2 of the ham onto the rolls; add
a layer of Swiss cheese and top with remaining ham slices.
Place the tops of the rolls onto the sandwiches. Pour
mustard mixture evenly over the rolls Bake in the preheated
oven until the rolls are lightly browned and the cheese has
melted, about 20 minutes. Slice into individual rolls
through the ham and cheese layers to serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216756/baked-ham-and-cheese-party-sandwiches/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baked Ham and Cheese Sliders


Beef Miso Ramen


Ingredients
1 (8 ounce) beef sirloin steak
½ cup gluten-free soy sauce (tamari)
1 teaspoon coconut oil
4 cups beef broth
2 teaspoons miso paste
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon sesame oil
2 (3 ounce) packages ramen noodles
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Cooking Instructions

Combine steak and soy sauce in a plastic container with a
lid. For best flavor results, marinate in the refrigerator
for 2 hours. Remove steak from the marinade and shake off
excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Heat coconut oil in
a skillet over medium-high heat. Add steak and cook until
firm and reddish-pink and juicy in the center, 3 to 4
minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into
the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) for
medium-rare. Remove from skillet and allow to rest for 10
minutes. While the steak is resting, combine broth, miso
paste, garlic, and sesame oil in a saucepan over medium
heat; bring to a boil. Once broth is at a slow boil, add
ramen noodles. Cook until noodles are soft, about 3 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper. Transfer broth and noodles to 2
bowls. Slice steak and place on top.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/beef-miso-ramen-recipe-8647040 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Beef Miso Ramen


Bloody Mary Pork Tacos


Ingredients
1 (12 to 16 ounce) pork tenderloin
1 tablespoon olive oil
5 teaspoons prepared horseradish, divided
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, divided
4 Roma tomatoes
1 lemon, halved
1/2 red onion
1 Fresno or serrano chile pepper
1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon black pepper, divided
1/2 cup Mexican crema
24 corn tortillas
chopped celery

Cooking Instructions

Put pork in a resealable plastic bag set in a shallow dish.
Add oil, 1 teaspoon horseradish, and 1 teaspoon
Worcestershire sauce. Seal bag; turn to coat. Chill for 30
minutes or up to 4 hours. Prepare an outdoor grill for
direct and indirect grilling, lighting burners on just one
side or pushing lit coals to one side. Preheat to medium
heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Oil
grill grates. Grill tomatoes and lemon (cut sides down),
onion, and chile over direct heat, covered, turning onion
and pepper halfway through, until lightly charred, 6 to 8
minutes. Remove from heat. Keep grill lit. Remove pork from
marinade; discard marinade. Sprinkle pork with 1/2 teaspoon
each salt and black pepper. Grill over indirect heat,
covered, turning halfway through, 30 to 35 minutes or until
an instant-read thermometer inserted into center registers
145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Transfer to a cutting board
and tent with foil; let rest 10 minutes. Meanwhile, for
salsa, finely chop grilled tomatoes and onion, reserving
half of onion for serving. Halve, seed (if desired), and
finely chop chile. Stir together tomatoes, onion, chile, 2
teaspoons horseradish, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, the
juice from 1 lemon half, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon each
salt and black pepper in a bowl. For horseradish crema,
whisk together Mexican crema, remaining 2 teaspoons
horseradish, and 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce in a small
bowl. Thinly slice pork and divide among tortillas (2
tortillas per taco). Top with salsa, horseradish crema, and
reserved onion. Serve with celery, olives, and cotija. Serve
with remaining lemon, cut into wedges.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/bloody-mary-pork-tacos-recipe-8661548 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bloody Mary Pork Tacos


Cheesy Bacon Slider Bake


Ingredients
1 (18 ounce) package Hawaiian sweet rolls
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
1 pound ground beef
1 small onion, chopped
½ (14 ounce) can diced tomatoes with garlic and onion
1 ½ teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 ½ teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
12 bacon strips, cooked and crumbled
½ cup butter
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a
9x13-inch baking pan. Place rolls, without separating them,
on a flat work surface. Cut in half horizontally. Arrange
bottom half in the prepared pan. Sprinkle 1 cup Cheddar
cheese on top. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is
melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Cook and stir beef and onion in a
skillet until beef is browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain grease.
Stir in tomatoes, 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 1/2
teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper. Cook until
fully combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Spoon beef mixture over
rolls. Sprinkle remaining 1 cup Cheddar cheese and bacon on
top. Cover with top half of rolls. Combine butter, brown
sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, and 2 teaspoons
Worcestershire sauce in a microwave-safe bowl. Cover and
microwave on high until butter is melted, about 1 minute.
Stir until blended and pour over rolls. Sprinkle sesame
seeds on top. Bake in the preheated oven, uncovered, until
golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261773/cheesy-bacon-slider-bake/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cheesy Bacon Slider Bake


Cherry Cola Ribs


Ingredients
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons mustard
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons cherry cola
1 (3 pound) rack baby back ribs, membrane removed
1 1/2 cups cherry cola
2 tablespoons ketchup
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
salt to taste

Cooking Instructions

For dry rub, whisk salt, smoked paprika, onion powder,
garlic powder, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper together in a
small bowl; set aside. For wet rub, whisk mustard, vinegar,
and 2 tablespoons cherry cola together in a small bowl; set
aside. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Line a sheet pan with a piece of foil long enough to extend
past the rack of ribs by at least 6 inches on both ends. Use
large size, heavy-duty foil if possible. Place the ribs,
meat side up, on the foil. Brush wet rub over top and sides,
and sprinkle about 60% of dry rub over the surface. Turn
ribs over and, with the bone side up, brush with wet rub,
then sprinkle with all the remaining dry rub. Reserve any
wet rub left at this point. Center the ribs lengthwise on
the foil, and bring up the ends of the foil, like a boat,
and crimp so any juices will stay inside. Crimp the two long
edges together over the top of the ribs. The foil doesn’t
have to be airtight, but the whole rack should be covered.
Bake in the preheated oven for 2 hours. Remove, open the
foil, and pour off juices that have accumulated in the foil
into a saucepan. Turn the rack meat side up, and brush with
wet rub. Enclose again in the foil, and continue to roast at
250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 1 hour. While meat is
cooking, add any remaining wet rub to the juices in the
saucepan, then add the 1 1/2 cups cherry cola, ketchup, and
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Bring to a simmer
on medium high, cook until liquid is reduced by half. Reduce
heat further, and simmer liquids very slowly until they
eventually thicken and become sauce-like. Once it is the
thickness of barbecue sauce, remove from heat entirely.
After one hour at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C), remove ribs
from the oven, and open out the foil, pressing foil flat to
line the pan. Turn the oven temperature up to 300 degrees F
(150 degrees C). Brush ribs with sauce. Return ribs to the
oven for 15 minutes. Repeat this process, brushing ribs with
sauce every 15 minutes, until ribs are tender and come
easily off the bone, about 1 hour more. (See Note) Let ribs
rest for about 10 minutes. Slice between each rib with a
sharp knife, and serve with extra sauce.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/cherry-cola-ribs-recipe-7547750 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cherry Cola Ribs


Creamy Bacon Pasta Bake


Ingredients
8 ounces thick-cut bacon, chopped
1 yellow onion
1/4 cup tomato paste
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper
3 cups chicken broth
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup white wine
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
1 pound spaghetti
1 tablespoon fresh flat-leaf parsley

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245
degrees C). Scatter bacon evenly over the bottom of a
13-x-9-inch baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven,
stirring twice during cooking, until bacon is crispy and fat
has rendered, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and
transfer bacon to a small paper-towel-lined plate and set
aside. Reduce oven temperature to 425 degrees F (220 degrees
C). Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the
baking dish. Add onion, tomato paste, and crushed red pepper
to reserved hot bacon fat in the baking dish and stir until
onion is well coated in tomato paste. Add chicken broth,
cream, wine, salt, 3/4 cup of the Parmigiano-Reggiano, and
stir to combine. Spread spaghetti into broth mixture and
bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C), uncovered, stirring
every 8 to 10 minutes, until spaghetti is tender, has
absorbed most of the sauce, and the sauce has thickened, 40
to 45 minutes. Remove and top with 1/4 cup of the reserved
bacon, remaining 1/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano and parsley.
Serve immediately, garnishing each serving with more
reserved bacon, as desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/creamy-bacon-pasta-bake-recipe-8736946 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Creamy Bacon Pasta Bake


Creamy Brie and Bacon Pasta


Ingredients
8 ounces fettuccini, or other pasta
4 slices bacon
1 onion
4 ounces sliced mushrooms
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 1 (8 ounce) Brie cheese, rind removed
1/3 cup sun-dried tomatoes
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
chopped fresh parsley or fresh basil

Cooking Instructions

Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. Add
fettuccini and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente,
about 12 to 13 minutes, or your preferred doneness. Drain,
reserving 1/2 cup pasta water; set aside. Meanwhile, place
bacon in a large skillet over medium heat and cook on both
sides until brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove bacon
to drain on paper towels, leaving fat in skillet. Break into
bite-sized pieces when cool enough to handle. Add onion and
mushrooms to skillet with bacon fat, stirring occasionally,
and saute until lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add
garlic, and saute for about 30 seconds to a minute. Cut Brie
into small cubes and add to the skillet, stirring to melt
and combine. Add enough pasta water to form a smooth sauce,
and stir in sun dried tomatoes. Add cooked fettuccini to
skillet, toss to combine, and season with salt and pepper.
Sprinkle with cooked bacon, garnish with parsley or basil,
and serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/creamy-brie-and-bacon-pasta-recipe-8761429 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Creamy Brie and Bacon Pasta


Crispy Slow Cooker Carnitas


Ingredients
4 pounds pork shoulder
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon pepper
2 teaspoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon cumin
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 orange, cut in half, juiced and peel reserved
1 lime, juiced lime
1 white onion, quartered
2 bay leaves
tortillas

Cooking Instructions

Cut pork into 5 to 6 large chunks. Season each piece evenly
with salt, pepper, garlic powder, chili powder, and cumin.
Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add pork in a
single layer to the hot skillet. If meat does not fit, do
this step in 2 batches. Cook pork, untouched until well
browned on the first side, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook
another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove meat and place into the
bottom of a slow cooker. To the hot skillet, add onion and
cook 1 minute. Deglaze pan with orange juice, lime juice,
and 1 1/4 cups water and scrape up any browned bits from the
bottom of the skillet. Pour water mixture over pork in the
slow cooker, add bay leaves, and cover. Cook on High for 4
to 5 hours or on Low 6 to 7 hours or until pork is very
tender. Preheat the oven to broil. Remove pork from the slow
cooker and shred into approximately 2 to 3 inch pieces and
place on a rimmed baking sheet. Spoon some of the juices
evenly over the pork, and reserve about 1 cup of juices for
serving. Broil pork for 3 to 5 minutes, or until slightly
crispy and browned, tossing halfway through if necessary.
Serve in toasted tortillas with japaleno slices, chopped
onion, cilantro, and lime wedges, or as desired
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/crispy-slow-cooker-carnitas-recipe-8628927 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crispy Slow Cooker Carnitas


Fresh Tomato Curry


Ingredients
4 thin-cut pork chops
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne
1 tablespoon avocado oil
3/4 cup diced yellow onion
2 tablespoons jalapeno pepper
1 tablespoon ginger
3 cloves garlic
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon garam masala
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon turmeric
2 cups fresh tomatoes
1 teaspoon tamarind paste
1/3 cup water
2 tablespoons plain yogurt
1/4 cup red onion
1/4 cup salted cashews
1/4 cup cilantro leaves

Cooking Instructions

Use scissors to snip 4 or 5 small cuts around the edge of
each chop to prevent curling. Season chops on both sides
with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Add oil to a nonstick
skillet over high heat, and sear pork chops on both sides
until lightly browned, about 1 1/2 minutes per side. Remove
meat to a plate, and reduce heat to medium. Add onions,
jalapeno, ginger, garlic, and the 1/2 teaspoon salt to the
pan. Cook, stirring, until onions start to turn translucent,
3 to 5 minutes. Add garam masala, cumin, and turmeric and
cook, stirring, until spices are fragrant, about 1 minute.
Add tomatoes and tamarind, and stir everything together. Add
water; simmer until tomatoes completely soften and collapse,
about 10 minutes. Place a mesh strainer over a bowl, and
pour in the tomato mixture. Press and scrape with the back
of a spoon or ladle until only the tomato seeds and skins
remain in the strainer. Transfer the strained sauce back
into the pan, and add the meat, and any accumulated juices
back in. Bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat; then
reduce heat to maintain a low simmer, and cook until meat is
tender, about 5 minutes. Taste sauce for seasoning, and if
desired, serve topped with yogurt, red onion, cashews, and
cilantro leaves.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/fresh-tomato-curry-recipe-8690957 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fresh Tomato Curry


Fried Pork Chops


Ingredients
1 cup vegetable oil for frying
½ cup all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon seasoning salt, or to taste
salt and pepper to taste
4 (¾-inch) thick pork chops

Cooking Instructions

Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Combine
flour, seasoning salt, salt, and pepper in a paper or
plastic bag. Place pork chops in the bag and shake to coat.
Shake off any excess flour. Fry chops in hot oil until
golden on the outside and juices run clear, 4 to 5 minutes
per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the
center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Drain on a wire rack or paper towels before serving. Serve
hot and enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/55593/fried-pork-chop/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fried Pork Chops


Garlic and Citrus Mojo Pork


Ingredients
1/2 cup mint leaves
1/2 cup orange juice
1/3 cup oregano leaves
1/4 cup olive oil
8 cloves garlic
2 limes, juiced
4 teaspoons kosher salt
1 tablespoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 1/2 to pounds pork shoulder
1 white onion
1/2 cup water
salt as needed

Cooking Instructions

Combine mint, orange juice, fresh oregano, olive oil, garlic
cloves, lime juice, salt, cumin, paprika, pepper, ground
oregano, and cayenne pepper in a blender; blend until
smooth. Poke pork all over with a small sharp knife and
place into a container just large enough to fit the meat.
You can also use a resealable plastic bag. Pour over
marinade and toss to coat. Spoon any excess marinade from
the bottom of the container over the top of the meat before
covering. Marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours. You can
go as few as 6 or as long as 48 hours. Preheat the oven to
300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Place onions in a roasting
pan, and make a space in the middle. Place pork in the pan,
fat side up, and transfer the marinade over the onions on
each side. Pour in water. Transfer into the preheated oven
and roast until internal temperature reaches 190 to 195
degrees F (87 to 90 degrees C), about 5 hours. For best
results baste pork occasionally with liquids in the pan. Add
more water if the pan gets too dry. When pork is done,
remove from the oven, and cover with foil. Let rest for 1
hour. Serve by tearing meat apart like for pulled pork, or
by removing large chunks, and slicing.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/garlic-and-citrus-mojo-pork-recipe-7509604 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Garlic and Citrus Mojo Pork


Good New Orleans Creole Gumbo


Ingredients
1 cup all-purpose flour
¾ cup bacon drippings
1 cup coarsely chopped celery
1 large onion, coarsely chopped
1 large green bell pepper, coarsely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound andouille sausage, sliced
3 quarts water
6 cubes beef bouillon
1 tablespoon white sugar
salt to taste
2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or to taste
½ teaspoon Cajun seasoning blend (such as Tony Chachere's®), or to taste
4 bay leaves
½ teaspoon dried thyme leaves
1 (14.5 ounce) can stewed tomatoes
1 (6 ounce) can tomato sauce
4 teaspoons file powder, divided
2 tablespoons bacon drippings
2 (10 ounce) packages frozen cut okra, thawed
2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar
1 pound lump crabmeat
3 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Make the roux: Whisk together flour
and 3/4 cup bacon drippings in a large, heavy saucepan over
medium-low heat until smooth. Cook roux, whisking
constantly, until it turns a rich mahogany brown color. This
can take 20 to 30 minutes; watch heat carefully and whisk
constantly or roux will burn. Remove from heat; continue
whisking until mixture stops cooking. Make the gumbo: Place
celery, onion, green bell pepper, and garlic into the work
bowl of a food processor, and pulse until all vegetables are
very finely chopped. Stir vegetables into the roux, and mix
in sausage. Bring mixture to a simmer over medium-low heat,
and cook until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Remove from heat and set aside. Combine water and beef
bouillon cubes in a large Dutch oven or soup pot and bring
to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir until bouillon cubes
dissolve, then whisk roux mixture into the boiling water.
Reduce heat to a simmer and mix in sugar, salt, hot pepper
sauce, Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, thyme, stewed tomatoes,
and tomato sauce. Simmer soup over low heat for 1 hour; mix
in 2 teaspoons of file gumbo powder at the 45-minute mark.
Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in a skillet
over medium heat. Add okra and vinegar and cook for 15
minutes; remove okra with a slotted spoon, and stir into the
simmering gumbo. Mix in crabmeat, shrimp, and Worcestershire
sauce, and simmer until flavors have blended, 45 more
minutes. Stir in 2 more teaspoons of file gumbo powder just
before serving. Serve hot and enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216888/good-new-orleans-creole-gumbo/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Good New Orleans Creole Gumbo


Ground Pork Tacos with Pineapple Salsa


Ingredients
1 pound ground pork
1 tablespoon soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi® Jugo)
½ teaspoon chipotle powder
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup diced fresh pineapple
¼ cup minced red onion
1 small jalapeño pepper, seeded and minced
2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro
½ lime, juiced
salt to taste
8 (6 inch) corn tortillas

Cooking Instructions

Combine ground pork, liquid seasoning, ground chipotle
powder, and garlic in a bowl. Set aside briefly for flavors
to meld. Meanwhile, make the salsa: Combine pineapple, red
onion, jalapeño, cilantro, lime juice, and salt in a bowl.
Set aside. Preheat a large skillet over high heat. Crumble
ground pork into the hot skillet. Cook and stir until pork
is completely browned and edges begin to crisp, 7 to 10
minutes. Drain any excess grease. Place pork in a bowl and
keep warm. Wipe out skillet. Warm tortillas in skillet over
medium-low heat, about 20 seconds per side. Divide meat
mixture between tortillas and top with pineapple salsa.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/ground-pork-tacos-with-pineapple-salsa-recipe-8642408 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ground Pork Tacos with Pineapple Salsa


Homemade Lasagna


Ingredients
½ pound ground pork
½ pound lean ground beef
½ cup minced onion
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, divided
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 ½ teaspoons dried basil
1 ½ teaspoons salt
½ teaspoon dried oregano
⅛ teaspoon white sugar
1 (16 ounce) package lasagna noodles
1 pound small-curd cottage cheese
¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese
3 large eggs
2 teaspoons salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (16 ounce) package shredded mozzarella cheese

Cooking Instructions

Combine pork and ground beef in a large, deep skillet over
medium-high heat; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5
to 7 minutes. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5
minutes. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, 1
tablespoon fresh parsley, garlic, basil, salt, oregano, and
sugar. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring
occasionally, for 30 minutes. While the sauce is simmering,
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook
lasagna noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally,
until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain
and set aside. While the noodles are cooking, preheat the
oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix cottage cheese,
Parmesan cheese, eggs, remaining 1 tablespoon fresh parsley,
salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Assemble
lasagna: Spread a spoon or two of sauce over the bottom of a
9x13-inch baking dish just to to coat it. Place two layers
of noodles over the sauce to cover. Layer with 1/2 of the
cheese mixture, 1/2 of the remaining sauce, and 1/2 of the
mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers once more using the
remaining noodles, cheese mixture, sauce, and mozzarella.
Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the
preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the foil and
bake until cheese is golden brown, 5 to 10 more minutes.
Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes before
cutting and serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19344/homemade-lasagna/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Homemade Lasagna


Honey Mustard Pretzel Pork Chops


Ingredients
2 large eggs, beaten
2 teaspoons hot sauce
3 cups honey mustard pretzels
4 pork chops
1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt
3/4 teaspoon pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 tablespoons mustard
1 tablespoon mayonnaise
1 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Set a
wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet; set aside. Whisk
eggs and hot sauce together in a shallow dish. Crush
pretzels in a food processor or plastic bag and add them to
a second shallow dish. Season pork chops evenly with 1
teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Coat each pork chop
in egg mixture, allowing excess to drip off, then coat each
liberally in pretzel crumbs. Heat oil in a large skillet
over medium-high heat. Cook pork chops, 2 at a time, until
golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer them to the
prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until no
longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. An instant-read
thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees
F (63 degrees C). Meanwhile, combine mustard, mayonnaise,
honey, vinegar, and remaining salt and pepper in a small
bowl and mix well. Microwave mustard sauce for 15 seconds,
stir, and serve with pork chops.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/honey-mustard-pretzel-pork-chops-recipe-8742371 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Honey Mustard Pretzel Pork Chops


Instant Ramen Carbonara


Ingredients
6 cups water
3 (3 ounce) packages instant ramen noodles
6 slices thick-cut bacon
2 large eggs
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons water
1/4 teaspoon dried parsley flakes
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 cloves garlic, minced

Cooking Instructions

Bring 6 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add
noodles and cook for 3 minutes. Drain and set aside. Heat a
large skillet over medium-high heat. Add bacon and cook
until crisp, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Using a
slotted spoon, transfer bacon to a plate lined with paper
towels. Whisk eggs, Parmesan, 2 tablespoons water, parsley,
and pepper in a mixing bowl. Set aside. Add garlic to the
skillet with bacon drippings and cook over medium-high heat
for 1 minute. Toss in drained noodles and cook 3 minutes
more. Turn off heat. Pour in reserved egg mixture, toss to
coat, and let sit 2 minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/instant-ramen-carbonara-recipe-8727364 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Instant Ramen Carbonara


Japanese-Style Triple-Seared Steak


Ingredients
1 (8 ounce) filet mignon
1 teaspoon avocado oil
3 tablespoons sea salt
1/3 cup Japanese whiskey
1/4 cup soy sauce
1 tablespoon butter

Cooking Instructions

Before starting the triple-searing process, build a very hot
hardwood charcoal fire. Oak, mesquite or hickory are great
choices. The coals should be glowing red, and radiating
extreme heat before the meat hits the grill. Rub steak all
over with oil. Coat with sea salt until entire surface area
is completely covered. Pour whiskey into a shallow bowl; set
aside. Place steak on hottest spot on the grill, and sear
both sides, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer steak
into bowl of whiskey, and turn constantly for at least 1
minute. Most of the salt will rinse off. Place steak back
onto the hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides
again, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. You can baste steak
with a small amount of whiskey while searing. Add soy sauce
to another shallow bowl. Add steak to the bowl, and turn
constantly for at least 1 minute. Return steak to the
hottest spot on the grill for the 3rd and final sear. Grill
both sides for about 2 1/2 minutes, or until desired
doneness is reached. For a rosy-pink inside, remove when an
instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 118
to 120 F (48 to 50 degrees C). Brush steak with melted
butter, and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes. Slice and serve
with any accumulated juices from the plate.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/japanese-style-triple-seared-steak-recipe-8659468 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Japanese-Style Triple-Seared Steak


Lazy Wonton Soup


Ingredients
2 quarts chicken stock or broth
1 bunch green onions, divided
1 garlic clove, thinly sliced
1 3-inch fresh ginger,
2 tablespoons soy sauce, plus more to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1 pound ground pork
2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
2 teaspoons cornstarch
3 heads baby bok choy
20 wonton wrappers
Sriracha hot sauce

Cooking Instructions

Place chicken stock in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over
medium-high heat. Cut white parts of green onions into
1-inch pieces and add to broth. Add garlic clove. Thinly
slice 1 inch ginger (or 1 teaspoon ground) and add to stock.
Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar and 1/2
teaspoon salt. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring
occasionally. Place pork in a bowl. Finely slice remaining
green parts of green onions. Set aside 3 tablespoons for
garnish. Add remaining onions to the bowl; grate in
remaining 2-inch piece of ginger. Add remaining soy sauce,
remaining salt, sesame oil, and cornstarch to the bowl; mix
until well combined. Form mixture into 1-inch balls and add
to broth. Alternatively, use a small spoon to drop heaping
teaspoons full of meat into broth. Reduce heat to a simmer;
cook 5 minutes. Add wonton wrappers, bok choy, and
additional soy sauce to taste. Cook 8 minutes, stirring
occasionally. Serve with reserved green onions and hot sauce
or chili crisp if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/lazy-wonton-soup-recipe-8604015 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lazy Wonton Soup


One Pan Pasta with Bacon and Peas


Ingredients
8 ounces bacon
1/2 cup onion
2 cloves garlic
2 2/3 cups chicken broth
2/3 cup milk
8 ounces rotini pasta
1 cup frozen peas
3/4 cup plain Greek yogurt
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Cooking Instructions

Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crispy,
about 3 minutes. Transfer bacon to a plate lined with a
paper towel. Remove all but about 2 tablespoons bacon grease
from the skillet. Add onion to the skillet, and cook until
translucent and tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic and cook
until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour in chicken broth and
milk, and bring to a boil. Stir in pasta, reduce heat to
medium low, cover the skillet, and cook, stirring
occasionally, until pasta is al dente, 13 to 15 minutes.
Stir in peas, and cook just until thawed. Add Greek yogurt
and bacon, stir to combine, and season with salt and pepper.
Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/one-pan-pasta-with-bacon-and-peas-recipe-8685505 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=One Pan Pasta with Bacon and Peas


Pizza Rice Bake (Pizzaiola Rice)


Ingredients
cooking spray
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 1/2 cups white rice
2 1/4 cups vegetable
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 cups marinara sauce
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese
15 pepperoni slices
1 cup shredded low-moisture part-skim mozzarella cheese
torn fresh basil leaves

Cooking Instructions

Gather all Ingredients. Spray an 8-inch broiler-safe baking
dish with cooking spray, and set aside. Melt butter in a
large saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and crushed red
pepper and cook, stirring often, until garlic is lightly
browned and aromatic, about 1 minute. Add rice, and cook,
stirring occasionally until lightly toasted, about 3
minutes. Stir in stock, salt, pepper, and 1 1/2 cups
marinara sauce. Bring to a boil over medium heat, reduce
heat to medium-low, and simmer, covered, stirring every few
minutes, until rice is almost fully cooked through, 18 to 20
minutes Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C);
Remove from heat, stir in Parmesan cheese and remaining 1/2
cup marinara, until evenly combined. Transfer rice mixture
to the prepared baking dish, spreading it into an even
layer. Top evenly with pepperoni and mozzarella. Bake in the
preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 10 minutes.
With baking dish still in the oven, increase oven
temperature to broil; broil until cheese is just golden
brown, 2 to 5 more minutes. Remove from the oven and garnish
with basil.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pizza-rice-bake-recipe-8744154 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pizza Rice Bake (Pizzaiola Rice)


Pork Chops with Hatch Green Chili Sauce


Ingredients
4 pork chops
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic
1/4 teaspoon pepper,
2 tablespoons oil
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1/2 cup onion
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
3/4 cup chicken broth
1 (4 ounce) can green chiles -
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 lime
2 tablespoons cotija cheese
fresh cilantro

Cooking Instructions

Pat chops dry with paper towels. Combine cumin, onion
powder, smoked paprika, salt, garlic, and pepper in a small
bowl. Sprinkle chops on both sides with seasoning blend and
rub into the meat. Pour oil into a large, nonstick skillet
and heat over medium heat until oil shimmers. Swirl the pan
to cover the bottom with oil. Add seasoned chops and cook
until browned on both sides, about 3 minutes per side.
Remove from the skillet and keep warm. For sauce, melt
butter in the same skillet, stirring up any browned bits.
Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about
5 minutes. Stir in flour, making sure all the flour is
coated in oil, and cook until bubbly, about 3 minutes. Add
chicken broth to the mixture and stir until smooth. Add
Hatch chiles and minced garlic, and season with salt and
pepper. Cook until sauce thickens, about 2 minutes. Return
chops and any accumulated juices to the skillet, and simmer,
stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. An instant-read
thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees
F (63 degrees C). Squeeze fresh lime juice over the skillet
just before serving. Serve with cheese crumbles and garnish
with fresh cilantro, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pork-chops-with-hatch-green-chili-sauce-8705104 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pork Chops with Hatch Green Chili Sauce


Pork Tenderloin with Peaches


Ingredients
3 slices bacon
1 (2 pound) package pork tenderloin
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¾ teaspoon ground ginger, divided
1 ½ cups vertically sliced onion
1 ½ teaspoons minced garlic
2 cups peeled and sliced fresh peaches
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth
2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate
1 teaspoon fish sauce
2 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons cornstarch
fresh parsley for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high
heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned and crisp,
about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels.
Reserve drippings in the skillet. Dry pork tenderloin with
paper towels and season both sides with salt, pepper, and
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger. Increase heat to medium-high and
brown tenderloin in the bacon drippings on all sides, 5 to 7
minutes. Removed browned tenderloin from skillet, transfer
to a plate, and keep warm. Reduce heat to medium. Add onion
slices to the same skillet and stir until onions are soft
and beginning to take on some color, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in
garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add sliced
peaches, chicken broth, orange juice concentrate, and
remaining ground ginger. Bring to a boil and return
tenderloin to the skillet. Pile peaches on top of the meat,
cover, reduce heat to simmer, and cook until pork is
slightly pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. An instant-
read thermometer inserted into the center should read at
least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Arrange pork and peaches
on a serving platter. Meanwhile, combine fish sauce, water,
and cornstarch in a small bowl and stir until there are no
lumps. Increase heat to medium and bring skillet contents
back to a boil. Add cornstarch mixture to the liquid in the
skillet and stir quickly until sauce is bubbly and
thickened, about 5 minutes. Pour sauce over pork and
peaches. Crumble up cooked bacon and sprinkle over the
peaches. Garnish with parsley, if desired, and serve warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8420615/pork-tenderloin-with-peaches/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pork Tenderloin with Peaches


Prosciutto Plum Focaccia


Ingredients
1 packet active dry yeast
1 cup water
4 tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon white sugar
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
12 slices plum
4 slices prosciutto
2 teaspoons rosemary
1 teaspoon sea salt

Cooking Instructions

Stir yeast and warm water together in a large bowl and let
stand for 15 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, sugar,
all-purpose flour, and salt. Use a wooden spoon to stir
until a very soft, sticky dough forms. While stirring,
incorporate any dough that sticks to the sides of the bowl.
Drizzle over a tablespoon of olive oil, and rub some on your
hands. Pick up dough, and with your fingers under the dough
pushing gently up, stretch the sides down and under several
times while rotating the dough, in order to form a
relatively smooth ball with some surface tension on top.
Place dough ball into the bowl, smooth side up, cover the
bowl, and refrigerate overnight. The next morning, pull out
dough and let rise at room temperature until doubled in
size, about 1 1/2 hours. Generously oil a work surface with
about 1 tablespoon olive oil, and transfer dough to the work
surface. Press into a large rectangle, and then fold into
thirds one way, and then the other, forming a small
rectangle, about 6x9 inches. Generously oil a sheet pan with
about 2 tablespoons olive oil, and transfer dough rectangle
to the sheet pan. Press dough out to about 1/2-inch thick.
Cover; let proof at room temperature until dough has spread
out, risen slightly, and surface has bubbles, 1 1/2 to 2
hours. Meanwhile, wrap plum sections with prosciutto and
refrigerate until needed. Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F
(245 degrees C). Sprinkle dough with rosemary. Push wrapped
plum sections deep into the dough in a 3x4 pattern. Drizzle
top lightly with olive oil; sprinkle with sea salt. Bake in
the preheated oven until browned, 17 to 20 minutes. As soon
as focaccia is out of the oven, brush with more olive oil if
desired. Transfer focaccia to a rack and let cool completely
before cutting.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/prosciutto-plum-focaccia-recipe-8682374 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Prosciutto Plum Focaccia


Pulled Pork Casserole


Ingredients
1 (12-ounce) pulled pork
2 cups corn, divided
1 (15- black beans or
1 (8-ounce) shredded Cheddar cheese
1 cup barbecue sauce
1 (8.5 ounce) package corn bread mix
1/2 cup butter, melted
1 (8-ounce) carton sour cream
1 large egg
pickled onion (see Note) (optional)
coleslaw (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Combine pulled pork, 1 cup corn, beans, 1/2
of the Cheddar cheese, and barbecue sauce in a 9x13-inch
baking dish; stir until evenly mixed. Gently spread in an
even layer. Stir together cornbread mix, remaining 1 cup
corn, remaining Cheddar cheese, melted butter, sour cream,
and egg in a bowl until well combined. Spoon cornbread
mixture over the pulled pork, spreading evenly. Bake in the
preheated oven until golden brown and cornbread is set (it
will be a little moist), 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool 5
minutes before serving. Serve with pickled onion or
coleslaw, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pulled-pork-casserole-recipe-8719329 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pulled Pork Casserole


Roasted Pork Loin


Ingredients
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon dried rosemary
salt and pepper to taste
2 pounds boneless pork loin roast
¼ cup olive oil
½ cup white wine

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175
degrees C). Crush garlic with rosemary, salt, and pepper in
a mortar and pestle to make a paste. Pierce meat with a
sharp knife in several places and press garlic paste into
the openings. Rub pork loin with the remaining garlic
mixture and olive oil. Set into an oven-safe pan. Place pork
loin into the preheated oven, turning and basting with pan
liquids every 30 minutes. Cook until the pork is no longer
pink in the center, 90 minutes to 2 hours. An instant-read
thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees
F (63 degrees C). Remove roast to a platter and keep warm.
Place pan onto the stove over medium-high heat and pour wine
into it. Heat wine and stir to loosen browned bits from the
bottom of the pan. Simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. Slice pork
loin and serve with pan juices.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21766/roasted-pork-loin/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Roasted Pork Loin


Sheet Pan Balsamic Pork Tenderloin with Rainbow Vegetables


Ingredients
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 dates, pitted and chopped, or to taste
3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar
2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary
1 teaspoon sliced garlic
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
6 cups 1/2-inch x 2-inch rainbow carrot sticks
4 cups 1/2-inch x 2-inch peeled, seeded butternut squash chunks
½ red onion, sliced lengthwise
2 (1 1/4 pound) pork tenderloins

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a
sheet pan with parchment paper or foil. Place 2 tablespoons
olive oil, dates, vinegar, rosemary, garlic, salt, and
pepper in a blender or small food processor. Pulse several
times to mix, then puree until smooth, about 1 minute.
Reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture for later use. Combine
rainbow carrots, butternut squash, and red onion in a large
bowl. Toss with balsamic mixture, and place on the prepared
sheet pan. Roast vegetables, uncovered in the preheated oven
for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, blot tenderloins with paper
towels. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over
medium-high heat. Place tenderloins in skillet and cook
until lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side. Stir
vegetables; nestle tenderloins into vegetables. Brush each
tenderloin with 1 tablespoon reserved balsamic mixture and
return the sheet pan to the oven. Roast, uncovered, until
vegetables are tender and pork is slightly pink in the
center, about 20 minutes. The internal temperature of the
meat should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Drizzle vegetables and tenderloins with remaining 1
tablespoon olive oil.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8544430/sheet-balsamic-pork-tenderloin-with-rainbow-vegetables/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sheet Pan Balsamic Pork Tenderloin with Rainbow Vegetables


Slow Cooker Honey Mustard Pulled Pork


Ingredients
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons granulated garlic
1 1/2 teaspoons onion powder
1 1/2 teaspoons dry mustard
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (3 1/2 pound) pork shoulder
2/3 cup honey
1/2 cup Dijon mustard
1/3 cup mustard
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
12 slider buns, or as needed
3/4 cup pickled red onions,

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Stir together salt, granulated
garlic, onion powder, dry mustard, and black pepper in a
small bowl. Rub spice mixture evenly over pork. Place pork
in an 8-quart slow cooker. Stir honey, Dijon mustard, whole
grain mustard, Worcestershire, and apple cider vinegar in a
bowl. Pour 1 cup Dijon mixture over pork; cover and
refrigerate remaining 1/2 cup. Cover the slow cooker, and
cook until fork tender, flipping pork halfway through
cooking, 5 to 6 hours on High or 8 to 10 hours on Low.
Transfer pork to a cutting board, reserve 1/4 cup cooking
liquid in the slow cooker; discard remaining cooking liquid.
Whisk reserved Dijon mixture into reserved cooking liquid.
Shred pork with 2 forks and stir into sauce. Serve on slider
buns with pickled red onion.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/slow-cooker-honey-mustard-pulled-pork-recipe-8782549 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Slow Cooker Honey Mustard Pulled Pork


Slow Cooker Pozole


Ingredients
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 (2 pound) boneless pork loin roast, cut into 1-inch cubes
2 (14.5 ounce) cans enchilada sauce
2 (15.5 ounce) cans white hominy, drained
1 onion, sliced
½ cup green chilies, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 teaspoons dried oregano
¼ cup cilantro, chopped
½ teaspoon salt

Cooking Instructions

Heat oil in a skillet over high heat. Add pork; cook and
stir just until meat is browned on all sides, about 5
minutes. Place meat in a 4-quart slow cooker. Pour enchilada
sauce over the meat. Top with hominy, onion, chilies,
garlic, cayenne pepper, and oregano. Pour in enough water to
fill the slow cooker. Cover and cook on High for 6 to 7
hours. Stir in cilantro and salt. Cook on Low for 30 minutes
more.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149938/slow-cooker-posole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Slow Cooker Pozole


Smoked Pork Chops with Sauerkraut


Ingredients
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
4 cooked pork chops
1/3 cup onion
1 (16 ounce) jar sauerkraut
1 apple
1/2 cup beef broth
1 teaspoon bacon grease
1 clove garlic, minced
5 juniper berries
1 bay leaf

Cooking Instructions

Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Quickly sear meat for 2 minutes on each side, and remove
from pan. Reduce heat to medium, add onions, and saute for 3
minutes. Stir in sauerkraut, apple, beef broth, bacon
grease, garlic, juniper berries, and bay leaf. Bring to a
boil, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove bay leaf, add chops back to skillet, and nestle in
the kraut. Simmer just until chops are warmed up, 3 to 5
minutes. Cooking further will dry them out.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/smoked-pork-chops-with-sauerkraut-recipe-8732958 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Smoked Pork Chops with Sauerkraut


Sous Vide Maple Chipotle BBQ Pork Chops


Ingredients
1 cup ketchup
¼ cup unsalted butter, melted
¼ cup apple cider vinegar
¼ cup maple syrup
1 large jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle chiles in adobo
1 tablespoon adobo sauce from canned chipotle chiles
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
2 ½ teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon chili powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon smoked paprika
4 (1 1/4-inch-thick) bone-in, center cut pork chops
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons canola oil
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro (Optional)

Cooking Instructions

Prepare a thermocirculator and water bath according to
manufacturer's directions. Set thermocirculator to 135
degrees F(57 degrees C) (if you want the pork cooked medium
instead of medium-rare, set to 145 degrees F (62 degrees
C)), and allow water bath to come up to temperature. Stir
together ketchup, melted butter, vinegar, maple syrup,
jalapeno, mustard, chipotles, adobo sauce, Worcestershire, 1
teaspoon salt, chili powder, onion powder, garlic powder,
and smoked paprika for the sauce in a bowl. You should have
about 2 cups sauce. Season all chops evenly with remaining 1
1/2 teaspoons salt and pepper and place chops in an even
layer in a large vacuum sealable bag. Pour 1 cup of the
sauce into bag. Cover and chill remaining sauce. Massage bag
to be sure each chop is evenly coated in sauce, then seal
bag with a vacuum sealer according to manufacturer's
directions. Transfer vacuum-sealed chops to warm water bath
with thermocirculator, cover vessel with aluminum foil to
reduce evaporation. Cook 40 minutes (meat will be 135
degrees F to 145 degrees C (57 to 62 degrees C) when done
depending on desired doneness). Remove bag from water bath
and transfer meat from bag onto a rimmed baking sheet and
drizzle with canola oil. Preheat a grill or a grill pan to
medium-high (400 degrees F to 450 degrees F (200 degrees C
to 230 degrees C)). Grill meat, uncovered, until grill marks
appear, basting with 1/2 cup of the reserved sauce, 1 to 2
minutes per side. Serve chops with remaining 1/2 cup sauce
and a sprinkle of cilantro.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8526866/sous-vide-maple-chipotle-bbq-pork-chops/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sous Vide Maple Chipotle BBQ Pork Chops


Strawberry Balsamic Pork Chops


Ingredients
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
3 cups fresh strawberries
1 tablespoon honey, or to taste
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
several fresh thyme
4 (3/4-inch thick) boneless pork loin chops

Cooking Instructions

Melt 1 1ablespoon unsalted butter in a large, non-stick
skillet over medium heat. Stir in balsamic vinegar and cook
until mixture is bubbly and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add
sliced strawberries, honey, a pinch of salt, and fresh thyme
sprigs, to taste to the skillet. Stir, and cook until
strawberries are softened and the liquid has thickened
slightly, 5 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour into a
small bowl, remove thyme sprigs, and set aside. Wipe out the
skillet, return to the burner, add the remaining butter, and
pour in olive oil. Pat chops dry; season to taste with salt
and pepper. When butter stops bubbling, add seasoned chops
and cook until browned on each side, 1 to 3 minutes. Add
strawberry mixture to the skillet, and turn each chop to
coat with the liquid. Stack strawberries on top of each
chop. Simmer until an instant read thermometer inserted near
the center of chops reads 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), 6 to
10 minutes. Garnish with additional fresh thyme sprigs, if
desired, and serve warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/strawberry-balsamic-pork-chops-recipe-8671638 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Strawberry Balsamic Pork Chops


Sweet Potato and Bacon Pizza


Ingredients
1 2/3 cups water
1 teaspoon dry yeast
4 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons kosher salt
2 1/2 cups sweet potato
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/3 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon rosemary
1 lemon
1 cup Parmigiano Reggiano cheese
12 ounces bacon
2 tablespoons olive oil
6 ounces mozzarella cheese
2 ounces fontina cheese
1/3 cup Parmigiano Reggiano cheese
2 jalapeno peppers,

Cooking Instructions

For dough, mix yeast and water and let stand for 10 minutes.
Add flour and salt, and stir with a wooden spoon for 2
minutes to form a soft, sticky dough. Scrape down sides of
bowl, cover, and let rise in a cool spot until doubled in
size, 8 to 12 hours. Use a wet hand to deflate and de-gas
the dough, and form into a ball. Cover and store in the
refrigerator until needed. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F
(200 degrees C). Pierce sweet potatoes with a knife and
place on a baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until
soft, about 1 hour. Let cool until cool enough to handle,
about 10 minutes. Scoop sweet potato flesh into a bowl—you
will need about 2 1/2 cups. Add salt, black pepper, cayenne,
olive oil, rosemary, lemon zest, and lemon juice, and mash
until smooth. Stir in Parmigiano Reggiano, and taste for
seasoning. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (235
degrees C). Add bacon to a cold, dry, nonstick skillet.
Place over medium-high heat, and cook, separating bacon
pieces with tongs, until almost crisp, 7 to 10 minutes.
Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels; set aside. To
assemble pizza, pour olive oil on a sheet pan and spread
over evenly; place on dough, and use oiled hands to press
out to the edges. If dough is very elastic, let dough rest
and relax for a few minutes, then continue to stretch.
Repeat this process as needed to stretch dough to cover the
pan. Dollop sweet potato mixture onto dough; Spread a thin
layer over crust with the back of a spoon. Top evenly with
mozzarella, bacon, fontina, and jalapenos. Finish with
another dusting of Parmigiano Reggiano. Bake in the
preheated oven until crust is golden, and cheese is browned,
30 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven; cool in the pan for 5 to
10 minutes. Transfer to a board and slice with a pizza
cutter.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sweet-potato-and-bacon-pizza-recipe-8747988 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Potato and Bacon Pizza


The Best Meatballs


Ingredients
1 pound ground beef
½ pound ground veal
½ pound ground pork
1 cup freshly grated Romano cheese
2 eggs
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 ½ tablespoons chopped Italian flat leaf parsley
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cups stale Italian bread, crumbled
1 ½ cups lukewarm water
1 cup olive oil

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Combine beef, veal, and pork in a
large bowl. Mix in cheese, eggs, garlic, parsley, salt, and
pepper. Add bread crumbs and slowly mix in water, 1/2 cup at
a time, until mixture is moist but still holds its shape (I
usually use about 1 1/4 cups of water); shape into
meatballs. Heat olive oil in a large skillet; add meatballs
in batches and cook until browned on all sides, slightly
crisp, and cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain on
paper towels. Enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40399/the-best-meatballs/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Best Meatballs


bbq ribs


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Prepare an indirect fire with charcoal in a smoker or grill,
according to manufacturer's instructions. Once the coals get
going, add wood chips. Maintain a temperature of 230 to 260
degrees F (110 to 127 degrees F). Meanwhile, mix paprika,
brown sugar, garlic powder, salt, and pepper together in a
bowl until well combined. Spread rub all over ribs, making
sure not to miss any spots. Place ribs on the preheated
smoker or grill on the opposite side of the fire. Cover and
smoke ribs, adding wood chips as needed to maintain
temperature, until rub has set and looks dry, 1 to 2 hours.
Baste with apple juice and continue to cook, basting every
30 minutes, for 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 hours more. Brush BBQ sauce
on both sides of the ribs, and cook for 15 minutes. Brush
again, and cook until meat pulls away easily from the bone,
10 to 15 minutes longer. An instant-read thermometer
inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63
degrees C).
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281567/larrys-smoked-bbq-spare-ribs/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Larry's Smoked BBQ Spare Ribs


beef stew


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Combine beef and flour in a large resealable plastic bag and
toss to coat evenly. In a 6-quart saucepan, brown beef in
hot vegetable oil. Season with salt and pepper, if desired.
Add diced tomatoes, beef broth, carrots, potatoes, and
thyme. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover,
and simmer for 1 hour or until beef is tender. Blend in
mustard and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13345/french-beef-stew/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=French Beef Stew


chicken and dumplings


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

In a large pot over medium heat, simmer chicken in 6 cups
water until no longer pink. Remove chicken, cool and shred.
Return shredded chicken to pot and stir in butter, salt and
pepper. Cook until chicken reaches desired tenderness, 15 to
60 minutes. In a bowl, stir together baking mix and milk
until smooth. In a separate bowl, stir together flour and
1/2 cup cold water until smooth. Stir flour mixture into
soup; bring soup to a rolling boil. Drop baking mix mixture
by tablespoonfuls into the boiling water, neatly around the
chicken. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 10
minutes. Then cover and cook 10 minutes more. (Sneak a
spatula under the dumplings to prevent chicken from sticking
to the bottom of the pot.) Serve hot.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26374/chicken-and-dumplings-iv/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken and Dumplings IV


chicken francaise


recipe not found for this


chicken gnocchi


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Combine bacon and onion in a large skillet and cook over
medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly
browned, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Heat oil in a pan over
medium heat. Add chicken and 1/2 of the lemon juice and cook
until no longer pink in the centers and juices run clear, 5
to 7 minutes per side. Meanwhile, mix balsamic vinegar,
brown sugar, rosemary, red pepper flakes, and remaining
lemon juice together in a saucepan and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until mixture bubbles,
5 to 7 minutes. Add tomatoes with some of their juice and
continue to simmer while chicken finishes cooking. Melt
butter in a pan over medium heat. Pan-fry gnocchi in the hot
butter until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Place a steamer
insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the
bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add spinach,
cover, and steam until tender, 2 to 6 minutes. Place bacon
and onion onto a serving plate and top with spinach,
gnocchi, and chicken, in that order. Drizzle with tomato-
balsamic sauce.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275880/chicken-with-gnocchi/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken with Gnocchi


chicken parmesian


recipe not found for this


chicken tortellini alfredo


recipe not found for this
ructions


grilled porkchops


recipe not found for this


gumbo


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Cook and stir flour in a large, heavy pot over medium-low
heat until flour turns golden brown, about 15 minutes. Pour
browned flour into a bowl and return pot to heat. Increase
heat to medium and add oil to the pot. Cook and stir onions
and bell peppers in hot oil until slightly softened, about 7
minutes. Stir garlic, thyme, and bay leaves into onion
mixture; cook and stir for 1 minute. Add sausage to onion
mixture and cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 10
minutes. Stir diced tomatoes with juice, shredded chicken,
chicken broth, vegetable juice cocktail, browned flour, and
Creole seasoning into sausage mixture. Bring to a boil,
reduce heat to low, cover the pot, and simmer, stirring
often, until mixture is hot and flavors blend, 20 to 30
minutes. Pour shrimp into sausage-chicken mixture; bring to
a simmer. Cook shrimp until they are pink on the outside and
the meat is no longer transparent in the center, about 5
minutes. Discard bay leaves. Season gumbo with salt and
pepper to taste.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235245/shrimp-and-sausage-and-chicken-gumbo/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Shrimp and Sausage and Chicken Gumbo


hawaiian chicken


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add red onion,
garlic, and ginger; saute until onion has softened and
turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly
oil the grate. Combine chicken, panko, teriyaki sauce, salt,
and pepper in a large bowl. Add cooled onion and mix gently
with your hands until fully incorporated. Create 4 burger
patties. Grill burgers on the preheated grill until cooked
through, 5 to 6 minutes per side, adding provolone slices
towards the end of the cooking time so they can melt. An
instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the
burgers should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Grill pineapple slices alongside the burgers until warm,
about 1 minute per side. While the burgers are cooking,
prepare hamburger buns with a light smear of mayonnaise.
Place cooked burgers on buns and top with pineapple slices
and jalapeno peppers.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279494/jos-hawaiian-chicken-burgers/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jo's Hawaiian Chicken Burgers


manwich


recipe not found for this


philly cheese steak


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat an electric griddle or stovetop griddle over medium-
high heat. On one half of the griddle, place the mushrooms,
onion and pepper. On the other side, place the roast beef.
Cook and stir each group separately, chopping the beef into
smaller pieces as it cooks, and seasoning with salt and
seasoned salt. When the vegetables are tender and the beef
is hot, place the slices of provolone cheese over the beef
to melt. Turn off the griddle. Scoop the cheesy grilled beef
into sandwich rolls, and top with the onions and peppers.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/80937/griddle-style-philly-steak-sandwiches/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Griddle Style Philly Steak Sandwiches


pulled pork


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Mix together onion, barbecue sauce, celery, water, ketchup,
honey, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, hot pepper
sauce, chili powder, salt, and pepper in a slow cooker until
thoroughly combined. Place pork roast in the center of the
cooker and spoon sauce over top. Cook on Low until pork is
tender and can be easily pulled apart with a fork, 7 to 8
hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center
should read at least 195 degrees F (91 degrees C). Remove
pork and shred with 2 forks. Return shredded meat to the
sauce and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216155/southern-yank-pulled-pork-bbq/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Southern Yank Pulled Pork BBQ


ravioli


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add ravioli and cook
for 5 to 8 minutes or until al dente; drain. Heat butter in
a skillet over medium heat. Stir in mushrooms and garlic and
cook until tender. In a medium saucepan over low heat, toss
the cooked ravioli with Alfredo sauce to coat. Mix in
mushrooms and garlic. Cook and stir until sauce is heated.
Top with Parmesan cheese, green onion, and red pepper to
serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/56954/angels-ravioli-alfredo-with-mushrooms/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Angel's Ravioli Alfredo with Mushrooms


soy honey porkchops


recipe not found for this


spaghetti and meatballs


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine
tomatoes, tomato juice, tomato paste, onion, parsley, salt,
red pepper flakes, black pepper, thyme, and cloves in a
large pot. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to
low and let simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, combine
beef, crackers, eggs, Parmesan cheese, garlic, parsley, and
thyme in a bowl. Form into large meatballs and place into a
broiler pan. Bake in the preheated oven until browned and no
longer pink in the centers, about 30 minutes. Transfer
meatballs to sauce and continue to simmer, 2 to 2 1/2 hours
more. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally,
until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain.
Serve sauce and meatballs over cooked spaghetti.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277041/homemade-spaghetti-and-meatballs/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Homemade Spaghetti and Meatballs


vegetable soup


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Crumble ground beef into a stockpot over medium-high heat;
cook and stir until beef is crumbly, evenly browned, and no
longer pink, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain and discard any excess
grease. Stir in carrots, celery, and onion; cook and stir
until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in
potatoes, corn, green beans, undrained peas, tomato sauce,
and crushed whole tomatoes. Season with black pepper; add
bay leaf and thyme. Pour in 1/4 cup water if needed,
replenishing as needed while cooking. Bring soup to a
simmer; cover and cook, stirring regularly, until potatoes
are tender, about 1 hour. Serve hot and enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229071/ground-beef-vegetable-soup/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ground Beef Vegetable Soup


Side Recipes


alfredo sauce pasta


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Soak cashews in 1 1/2 cups water in a bowl until softened,
at least 20 minutes. Drain water; add almond milk. Blend
mixture in an electric blender or food processor until
smooth, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Add 1/4 cup water, or as
needed, until sauce is slightly thinner than you want it for
the final product, as it thickens when heated. Add garlic,
nutritional yeast, lemon juice, salt, and pepper; blend
until smooth. Pour mixture into a saucepan. Heat on medium-
low heat, stirring occasionally until heated through and
desired thickness is achieved, about 5 minutes. You can add
additional water or almond milk if sauce becomes too thick.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272943/vegan-cashew-alfredo-sauce/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Vegan Cashew Alfredo Sauce


asparagus


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Place the bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over
medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly
browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper
towel-lined plate. Crumble bacon when cool; set aside.
Reserve 1 tablespoon of bacon drippings. Melt butter with
drippings in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir
celery and onion in the saucepan until onion is translucent,
about 4 minutes. Whisk flour into the mixture and cook for 1
minute. Whisk in chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add
potato and chopped asparagus stalks, reserving the asparagus
tips for later. Season with salt and ground black pepper.
Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Pour the soup into a
blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold
down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and
carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get
the soup moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in
batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot. Alternately,
you can use a stick blender and puree the soup right in the
cooking pot. Cook and stir mushrooms and asparagus tips in
the same skillet used for bacon until mushrooms give up
their liquid, 5 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and ground
black pepper, if needed. Stir mushrooms, asparagus tips, and
half-and-half cream to pureed soup. Cook until thoroughly
heated. Garnish soup with crumbled bacon.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220091/cream-of-asparagus-and-mushroom-soup/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cream of Asparagus and Mushroom Soup


bacon wrapped asparagus


recipe not found for this
ructions


baked potatoes


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Season pork chops with salt and
black pepper. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a pressure cooker
over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook pork chops
in hot butter until browned, 3 to 5 minutes per side.
Transfer pork chops to a plate. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons
butter in the pressure cooker. Sauté onion and carrots in
hot butter until fragrant, about 2 minutes; pour in broth
and Worcestershire sauce. Return pork chops to the pressure
cooker pot. Set a steamer basket on top of pork chops and
place potatoes in the basket. Close and lock the lid. Select
high pressure according to the manufacturer’s instructions;
set the timer for 13 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for
pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-
release method, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Slice potatoes along their tops and serve with pork chops
and carrots.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236566/pressure-cooker-bone-in-pork-chops-baked-potatoes-and-carrots/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pressure Cooker Bone-In Pork Chops, Baked Potatoes, and Carrots


broccoli casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a 9x13
inch baking dish with cooking spray. Cover bottom of dish
with layer of French fries. Add a layer of broccoli, then
sprinkle ham evenly over broccoli. In a small bowl mix
together soup, milk and mayonnaise. Pour mixture evenly over
ingredients in baking dish and sprinkle with cheese. Bake
uncovered in preheated oven for 40 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25644/ham-potato-and-broccoli-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ham, Potato and Broccoli Casserole


broccoli parmesian


recipe not found for this


broccoli soup


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Place broccoli in a medium saucepan with just enough water
to cover. Cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Set aside and
do not drain water. In a large saucepan, heat milk. Blend in
the flour and cheese until smooth. Stir in the cream and
bouillon cube. Add the broccoli and it's water to the
mixture and season with salt and pepper. Heat soup to warm
and serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23853/broccoli-cheese-soup-vii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Broccoli Cheese Soup VII


brussel sprouts


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place
bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Cook,
stirring occasionally, until lightly browned but still soft,
about 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Set
aside. Coat a large baking dish or cast iron skillet with 1
tablespoon olive oil. Arrange lemon slices in a single layer
on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Stir together
remaining 5 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice, garlic,
kosher salt, and black pepper in a large bowl until marinade
is well combined. Add Brussels sprouts to marinade in the
bowl; toss until evenly coated. Use a slotted spoon to place
Brussels sprouts over lemon slices in the baking dish,
draining excess marinade back into the bowl. Scatter cooked
bacon over Brussels sprouts. Add potatoes to remaining
marinade in the bowl; toss until evenly coated. Use a
slotted spoon to arrange potatoes along the inside edge of
the baking dish, draining excess marinade back into the
bowl. Add chicken breast halves to remaining marinade in the
bowl; coat thoroughly. Place chicken, skin-side up, over
vegetables in the baking dish. Pour any remaining marinade
over chicken. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no
longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1
hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone
should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221160/pan-roasted-chicken-with-lemon-garlic-brussels-sprouts-and-potatoes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pan-Roasted Chicken with Lemon-Garlic Brussels Sprouts and Potatoes


butternut squash soufle


recipe not found for this


buttery corn


recipe not found for this
ructions


cheese sauce pasta


recipe not found for this
ructions


chicken casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place
broccoli florets in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Layer shredded
chicken on top; press down onto broccoli. Combine
mayonnaise, heavy cream, chicken soup base, dill, and pepper
in a bowl; mix well. Spread evenly over chicken and top with
Cheddar cheese. Grease a piece of aluminum foil with cooking
spray and cover baking dish with greased-side down. Bake
covered in the preheated oven, about 45 minutes. Remove
aluminum foil and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes.
Remove from oven and let stand for 10 to 20 minutes before
serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260604/cheesy-broccoli-and-chicken-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cheesy Broccoli and Chicken Casserole


chicken pot pie


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Boil or steam the chicken breasts until done. Dice. Mix
together undiluted soup, canned vegetables, and diced
chicken. Pour mixture into pie shell, and cover with the
second crust. Crimp the edges, and make slits in the top
crust. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes,
or until crust is golden brown.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12281/chicken-pot-pie-i/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Pot Pie I


collard greens


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Heat oil in a large pot. Saute onion and garlic until onions
are translucent. Place chopped collard greens in pot, and
add water to cover. Stir in brown sugar, molasses and liquid
smoke. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce
heat, and simmer 30 to 40 minutes, or until greens are
tender.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40448/billys-favorite-smoky-collard-greens/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Billy's Favorite Smoky Collard Greens


copper penny carrots


recipe not found for this


corn casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Stir corn,
flour, sugar, butter, salt, pimento peppers, eggs, bell
pepper, processed cheese, and milk together in a mixing
bowl, respectively; pour into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake
in preheated oven until the cheese is melted, about 45
minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232687/baked-corn-casserole-for-potlucks/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baked Corn Casserole for Potlucks


corn on the cob


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather ingredients. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
Sprinkle each ear of corn with Cajun seasoning, salt, and
pepper, and wrap each ear with 2 slices of bacon, covering
the ear as completely as possible. (A big ear might need 3
pieces of bacon.) Wrap the ears in aluminum foil, twisting
the ends tightly to seal. Place the wrapped corn on the
preheated grill, and grill on high heat until the corn is
hot, about 10 minutes per side. Turn the heat to Low, and
grill the corn until the bacon is cooked and the corn is
tender, about 45 minutes. Enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/202467/grilled-bacon-wrapped-corn-on-the-cob/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Grilled Bacon-Wrapped Corn on the Cob


corn pudding


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Mix thoroughly the coconut milk, cream-style corn, rice
flour, and sugar in a non-stick pot over medium heat. Stir
frequently while cooking until thick, about 30 minutes. Pour
into a serving platter with ridges, or a tray, and let cool
completely before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212974/maja-blanca-maiz-corn-pudding/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Maja Blanca Maiz (Corn Pudding)


cowboy beans


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Toss pork meat with taco seasoning mix in a plastic
resealable bag until coated. Heat oil in a skillet over
medium-high heat. Fry seasoned pork in hot oil, stirring
occasionally, until pork is no longer pink. Stir salsa,
beans, and apricot preserves into the skillet with pork.
Reduce heat to low; simmer until heated through, about 10
minutes. Spoon 1/3 cup pork mixture into each taco shell and
top with sliced olives.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36888/cowboy-tacos/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cowboy Tacos


diced red potatoes with cheese and bacon bits


recipe not found for this
ructions


dirty rice


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Bring chicken broth and quinoa to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is
tender and broth has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Mix
venison, onion, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, egg,
garlic, paprika, cumin, sea salt, blackened seasoning, and
cayenne pepper together in a large bowl. Heat olive oil in a
skillet over medium heat; cook and stir venison mixture
until browned, about 15 minutes. Add quinoa; cook and stir
until heated through, about 2 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237360/dirty-quinoa-with-venison-burger/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Dirty Quinoa with Venison Burger


fondant potatoes


recipe not found for this
ructions


fried cabbage


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp, about
5 minutes. Remove bacon and set aside. Add onion and garlic
and cook in bacon grease until onion is soft and
translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in cabbage, paprika,
sugar, salt, and pepper; mix to combine. Cook for about 10
minutes. Stir cooked bacon into the skillet with the cabbage
mixture. Simmer over low heat until cabbage reaches the
desired consistency, 20 to 30 minutes. Serve hot or warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272188/fried-cabbage-with-bacon/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fried Cabbage with Bacon


green bean casserole


recipe not found for this
ructions


green beans


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Place bacon in a skillet; cook over medium-high heat,
turning occasionally, until evenly browned and crisp. Mix
green beans and sugar into bacon. Cook over medium-high heat
until green beans become soft and limp and start to
caramelize.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/94099/southern-fried-green-beans/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Southern Fried Green Beans


grilled corn on the cob


recipe not found for this
ructions


honey roasted carrots


recipe not found for this
ructions


mashed potatoes


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F ( 175 degrees C). Place
potatoes in a large pot with enough water to cover. Bring to
a boil, and cook until potatoes are tender, about 10
minutes. Drain, then add cream cheese, butter, sour cream,
and ranch dressing mix. Mash until creamy using a potato
masher or electric mixer. Spread evenly in a large baking
dish. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden
brown, about 30 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71130/creamy-mashed-potatoes-ii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Creamy Mashed Potatoes


mexican street corn


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat an air fryer to 370 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Separate out 1/2 cup corn and set aside; pour remaining corn
into the bowl of a food processor. Add flour, egg, sour
cream, and mayonnaise. Pulse until mixture is incorporated.
Pour contents of the food processor into a mixing bowl. Add
reserved 1/2 cup corn, onion, cheese, cilantro, lime juice,
chili powder, salt, and granulated garlic. Mix well. Place a
perforated parchment liner into the air fryer. Using a
scoop, place 2-tablespoon dollops of fritter mixture into
the basket. Air-fry fritters for 12 minutes, flipping at the
halfway mark. Sauce: Mix sour cream and lime juice together.
Drizzle over cooked Mexican street corn fritters.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8406897/air-fryer-mexican-street-corn-fritters/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Air Fryer Mexican Street Corn Fritters


parmesian corn


recipe not found for this


parmesian stuffed mushrooms


recipe not found for this


potato cakes


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180
degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan; set aside.
Combine drained sweet potatoes, 1/2 cup melted butter,
sweetened condensed milk, vanilla, and pumpkin pie spice in
a large bowl. Beat until almost smooth with an electric
mixer. There may still be some small chunks of sweet potato.
Spread sweet potato mixture evenly into the prepared pan.
Sprinkle cake mix over the sweet potato mixture. Place cold
butter pieces evenly over cake mix. Sprinkle with pecans, if
using. Bake until golden brown and set, about 45 minutes.
Cool at least 20 minutes in pan before serving. Serve with
whipped cream or ice cream, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sweet-potato-dump-cake-recipe-8363654 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Potato Dump Cake


potatoes au gratin


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 2
quart baking dish. Layer potato slices in prepared baking
dish. Pour cream over potatoes; sprinkle with Parmesan
cheese. Season potatoes with salt and pepper. Bake in
preheated oven until potatoes are soft, about 1 hour. Remove
from oven; gently stir potatoes. Sprinkle with the Cheddar
cheese; cover and let rest until cheese is melted, about 5
minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/125816/double-cheesy-au-gratin-potatoes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Double Cheesy Au Gratin Potatoes


red beans and rice


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Place broth, water, beans, rice, onion, bell pepper, celery,
Creole seasoning, garlic, hot sauce, thyme, oregano, and bay
leaves in the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker
(such as Instant Pot®). Stir to combine. Close and lock the
lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's
instructions; set timer for 50 minutes. Allow 20 minutes for
pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-
release method according to manufacturer's instructions,
about 15 minutes. Remove the lid, stir, and let stand for 10
minutes to thicken. Divide among serving dishes and garnish
with parsley.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/283997/instant-pot-vegan-red-beans-and-rice/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Instant Pot Vegan Red Beans and Rice


roasted broccoli and cauliflower


recipe not found for this
ructions


roasted zucchini and squash


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Cut zucchini crosswise into 1/2-inch slices. Dip each
zucchini slice into beaten egg, then press into cracker
crumbs until both sides are coated. Shake off excess and
place in a single layer on a plate; do not stack. Heat olive
oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Pan-fry zucchini in
the hot oil until crust browns and zucchini softens, about 3
minutes per side. Season with salt and pepper.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222576/easy-fried-zucchini/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Fried Zucchini


shepherds pie


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly
grease a medium baking dish. Place beef and onion in a large
skillet over medium heat. Season with rosemary and basil.
Cook and stir until beef is evenly browned; drain grease.
Mix in mixed vegetables, diced tomatoes, and tomato sauce.
Cook and stir until vegetables are heated through. Transfer
to the prepared baking dish. Place potatoes in a large pot
with enough water to cover; bring to a boil. Cook until
tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and drain. Add
butter, Romano cheese, milk, garlic, salt, and oregano to
potatoes in the pot. Mash together with a potato masher
until smooth. Spread mashed potatoes over beef and vegetable
mixture in the baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for
30 minutes. Turn the oven broiler to high and continue
cooking until the top of potatoes are golden brown, about 3
minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/89723/easy-shepherds-pie-with-garlic-romano-potatoes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Shepherd's Pie with Garlic Romano Potatoes


spinach


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al
dente, rinse under cold water and drain. In a large bowl,
combine tortellini, spinach, cheese, tomatoes, and olives.
Add enough salad dressing to coat. Toss and season with salt
and pepper.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14440/spinach-and-tortellini-salad/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Spinach and Tortellini Salad


squash casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly
spray a medium baking dish with floured cooking spray. Place
squash in a pot with enough water to cover; bring to a boil.
Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain squash and
transfer to a bowl. Add crumbled cornbread, condensed soup,
1/2 cup Cheddar, onion, celery, margarine, egg, sugar, sage,
salt, and pepper; mix until well combined. Transfer to the
prepared baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for 45
minutes. Top with remaining Cheddar and continue baking
until cheese is melted and bubbly, about 15 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/128115/nanas-squash-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Nana's Squash Casserole


stuffed jalapenos


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly
grease a medium baking sheet. In a medium bowl, mix together
cream cheese, sharp Cheddar cheese and mayonnaise. Stuff
jalapeno halves with the mixture. Whisk together eggs and
milk in a small bowl. Place crushed corn flake cereal in a
separate small bowl. Dip each stuffed jalapeno half into the
egg and milk mixture, then roll in corn flake cereal to
coat. Arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking
sheet. Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until
filling is bubbly and lightly browned.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26835/jalapeno-poppers-i/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jalapeno Poppers I


sweet peas


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather the ingredients. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165
degrees C). Prepare sweet potatoes: Put sweet potatoes in a
medium saucepan and cover with water. Cook over medium-high
heat until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a
large bowl. Mash drained sweet potatoes with a fork. Add
eggs; mix until well combined. Add sugar, milk, butter,
vanilla, and salt; mix until smooth. Transfer to a 9x13-inch
baking dish. Make topping: Mix brown sugar and flour
together in a medium bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry
cutter until mixture is coarse and looks like peas; don't
overmix. Stir in pecans. Sprinkle topping over sweet potato
mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until topping is lightly
browned, about 30 minutes. Serve and enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21261/yummy-sweet-potato-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Yummy Sweet Potato Casserole


sweet potato casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Place sweet potatoes in a large pot
and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to
medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes; drain.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a
deep casserole dish. Mash potatoes with a potato masher in a
bowl until no large lumps remain. Stir in both sugars,
cinnamon, and butter until well combined. Transfer to the
prepared casserole dish. Cover with a layer of miniature
marshmallows. Bake in the preheated oven until marshmallows
are browned, about 30 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229692/easy-sweet-potato-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Sweet Potato Casserole


tater tot casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a
9x13-inch baking dish. Cook and stir ground beef, onion,
garlic powder, salt, and black pepper in a skillet over
medium heat until beef is browned and crumbly, 7 to 10
minutes. Spread beef into the bottom of the prepared baking
dish. Stir cream of mushroom soup, potato nuggets, and
Cheddar cheese together in a large bowl until potato nuggets
are evenly coated in soup and cheese. Spread potato nugget
mixture over beef mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until
browned, about 45 minutes. Sprinkle paprika and parsley
flakes over the top.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241939/easy-tater-tot-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Tater Tot Casserole


tomato sauce pasta


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir
beef in the hot skillet until browned completely, 5 to 7
minutes; drain and discard grease. Stir tomato sauce, basil,
oregano, onion powder, garlic powder, sugar, salt, and
pepper into beef. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and
cook sauce at a simmer, stirring occasionally, until thick
and rich, about 1 hour.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239910/tamis-red-sauce-bolognese-tomato-sauce-with-ground-beef/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tami's Red Sauce: Bolognese Tomato Sauce with Ground Beef


twice baked potatoes


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). (If using a
countertop induction oven, preheat on the "Combo 3"
setting). Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high
heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10
minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels; crumble into
small pieces. Toss potatoes with vegetable oil to coat;
season with salt and pepper. Spread potatoes on a baking
sheet. Bake potatoes in the preheated oven until tender,
about 30 minutes in the conventional oven and 20 minutes in
the countertop induction oven. Cool potatoes until easily
handled, about 5 minutes. Slice off the top 1/4 of each
potato lengthwise. Scoop flesh into a bowl using a melon
baller or small spoon, leaving about 1/8 inch of flesh on
the skin. Mash melted butter and mascarpone cheese into the
potato flesh in the bowl. Beat with a hand mixer until
fluffy, about 30 seconds. Stir in bacon, green onions, and
Cheddar cheese. Fill potato skins with potato mixture;
return to the baking sheet. Bake filled potatoes in the
preheated oven until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Turn
on the oven's broiler; broil potatoes until cheese is bubbly
and browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oven. Season
shrimp with Creole seasoning; transfer to a grill pan. Grill
shrimp over high heat until opaque, about 3 minutes. (If
using a countertop induction oven, cook shrimp on the "Grill
setting" until opaque, about 3 minutes.) Top each potato
with 1 shrimp.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256376/mini-twice-baked-potatoes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mini Twice-Baked Potatoes


vegetable casserole


recipe not found for this
ructions


white rice


recipe not found for this
ructions


Bread Item Recipes


cheddar biscuits


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Combine mozzarella cheese and cream cheese in a large
microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave on high power
until slightly melted, about 45 seconds. Remove from
microwave and stir. Repeat, heating for about 20 seconds
more. Remove from microwave again and stir; consistency
should be very sticky and cheese should be completely
melted. Return to microwave, if necessary, until all cheese
is melted. Mix almond flour, eggs, baking powder, and garlic
powder together in a bowl. Add mixture to the large bowl
with melted cheese and mix well. Add Cheddar cheese and stir
into the dough. Lay a sheet of plastic wrap on a flat
surface and dust lightly with almond flour. Pour dough onto
the middle of the plastic wrap and roll up to form a ball.
Place in the refrigerator until slightly hardened, 20 to 30
minutes. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Grease a dark baking sheet with butter. Remove dough from
the refrigerator and cut into 8 equal-sized pieces. Roll
each into a ball and place on the prepared baking sheet,
spacing equally and avoiding the sides, as biscuits will
spread while cooking. Bake in the preheated oven until
golden brown, checking at 10 minutes. Remove from oven
immediately and cool completely before serving, about 15
minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267521/cheddar-keto-biscuits/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cheddar Keto Biscuits


cornbread


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Combine butter, whole corn, creamed corn,
cornbread mix, and sour cream in a mixing bowl. Fold the
ingredients together, and pour into a 2-quart casserole
dish. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13658/cornbread-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cornbread Casserole


dinner rolls


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Combine 1 cup flour, undissolved yeast, sugar and salt in a
large mixer bowl. Heat water, oil and 2 tablespoons butter
until very warm (120 to 130 degrees F). Add to flour
mixture. Beat 2 minutes at medium speed of electric mixer,
scraping bowl occasionally. Add 1/2 cup flour; beat 2
minutes at high speed. Stir in enough remaining flour to
make soft dough. Knead on lightly floured surface until
smooth and elastic, about 5 to 7 minutes. Cover; let rest 10
minutes. Divide dough into 12 equal pieces; shape into
balls. Place in a greased 10-inch iron skillet. Cover; let
rise in warm, draft-free place until doubled in size, about
30 to 45 minutes. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and
brush over rolls. Bake in preheated 375 degrees F oven for
18 to 20 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from pan;
brush with any remaining butter, if desired. Serve warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235214/skillet-dinner-rolls/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Skillet Dinner Rolls


garlic bread


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cut bread
into 1-inch thick slices, without cutting all the way
through the loaf. Mix Parmesan cheese, butter, garlic
powder, and parsley in a small bowl. Spread mixture between
slices of bread and over the top of the loaf. Wrap loaf in
aluminum foil, leaving the top partially uncovered. Bake in
preheated oven until butter is melted and bread toasted, 15
to 20 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228822/easy-cheesy-garlic-bread/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Cheesy Garlic Bread


grilled cheese


recipe not found for this
ructions


hawaiian rolls


recipe not found for this
ructions


mexican cornbread


recipe not found for this
ructions


zuchhini bread


recipe not found for this


Salad Recipes


potato salad


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water;
bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until
tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool. While
the potatoes are cooking, whisk together sugar, 2 beaten
eggs, and cornstarch in a saucepan; season with salt. Stir
in milk, vinegar, and mustard. Cook and stir over medium
heat until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and
stir in butter. Refrigerate until cool, then stir in
mayonnaise. Peel and dice potatoes. Transfer to a large
bowl; toss with hard-cooked eggs, onion, celery, and 1
teaspoon salt. Stir dressing gently into the bowl of potato
salad until evenly coated. Chill before serving, 3 hours to
overnight.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86662/worlds-best-potato-salad/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=World's Best Potato Salad


Breakfast Recipes


breakfast burritos


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and
cook, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, until lightly
browned and crumbly, about 8 minutes. Add onion and bell
pepper; cook until onion is softened, about 5 more minutes.
Blot any excess oil in the pan with a paper towel. Continue
to cook until sausage is cooked completely, 5 to 7 more
minutes. Remove from the heat. (This step can be done 1 day
ahead.) Spray a slow cooker with cooking spray. Add sausage
mixture, hash browns, and Cheddar cheese. Whisk eggs, milk,
salt, and pepper together in a bowl until well blended. Pour
into the slow cooker and stir until evenly combined. Cook on
Low 6 to 8 hours or on High for 3 to 4 hours, stirring after
the first hour. Serve mixture inside warmed tortillas with
desired toppings.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8318088/ham-and-cheese-bisuit-muffins/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Slow Cooker Breakfast Burritos


breakfast casserole


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Line the bottom of
the prepared baking dish with 1/2 of the bread cubes.
Sprinkle with ham, Cheddar cheese, and Swiss cheese, and top
with remaining bread. Beat together eggs, milk, and onion
powder in a large bowl. Pour evenly over bread. Cover and
refrigerate overnight. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F
(190 degrees C). Blend crushed cornflakes and melted butter
in a small bowl. Spread evenly over casserole. Bake in the
preheated oven until bubbly and golden brown, about 40
minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21056/ham-and-cheese-breakfast-casserole/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ham and Cheese Breakfast Casserole


breakfast pizza


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place pizza
crusts on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until
lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Remove from oven and leave
oven on. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook
and stir sausage until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove
sausage with a slotted spoon; drain on a paper towel-lined
plate. Reduce heat of skillet to medium-low. Melt 1
tablespoon butter in the skillet. Add flour; stir until
dissolved to make a roux, about 1 minute. Add half-and-half;
stir to remove browned bits from bottom of the skillet. Cook
and stir until thick, about 2 minutes. Season gravy with
pepper, salt, and onion powder. Return the drained sausage
to the skillet; stir to coat with the gravy. Remove from
heat; divide sausage gravy evenly over the pizza crusts.
Melt the remaining butter in a small nonstick saucepan over
low heat. Pour in eggs; cook and stir until scrambled, 3 to
4 minutes. Remove from heat; divide scrambled eggs evenly
over the pizzas. Top with Swiss cheese and Cheddar cheese.
Bake in the hot oven until cheese is melted, 3 to 4 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260676/country-sausage-breakfast-pizza/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Country Sausage Breakfast Pizza


cheese grits


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Prepare the grits: Bring chicken stock to a boil in a
saucepan over high heat. Slowly pour grits into stock while
stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low; simmer until grits
are tender and thick, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring
occasionally. Stir in heavy cream to thin out the grits.
Stir in Gouda cheese and butter until melted and smooth.
While grits are cooking, make the shrimp sauce: Place bacon
in a large, deep skillet over medium heat; cook until bacon
fat is rendered, about 3 minutes. Stir in shallot and
garlic; cooking and stirring until shallots are tender,
about 5 minutes. Pour in white wine and stir in butter,
cooking and stirring until butter has melted. Drop shrimp in
the skillet; cook and stir until they are bright pink on the
outside and the meat is no longer transparent in the center,
about 3 minutes. Stir in spinach, mushrooms, and green
onions; cook and stir until the spinach wilts, about 2
minutes more. Remove shrimp with a slotted spoon. Stir in
heavy cream to the sauce. Simmer until the cream is reduced
by about a third, about 10 minutes. Season with hot sauce,
salt, and pepper. Return shrimp to the skillet to heat
through. Serve shrimp with sauce over the prepared grits.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220018/grits-a-ya-ya/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Grits a Ya Ya


eggs benedict


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Prepare Hollandaise: Whisk together egg yolks, lemon juice,
and pepper in a pan over low heat. Add 1/2 of the butter and
continue to whisk until the butter is melted and
incorporated. Add remaining butter and salt and whisk until
melted. Sprinkle in paprika. Turn heat off and cover with a
lid to keep warm. Fill a large saucepan with 5 to 8 inches
of water and bring to a gentle simmer. Add vinegar and
reduce heat to low. Carefully break eggs into the simmering
water and cook until whites are firm and the yolks have
thickened but are not hard, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the eggs
from the water with a slotted spoon, dab on a kitchen towel
to remove excess water, and place onto a warm plate. While
the eggs are poaching heat ham in a skillet over medium-high
heat until warm, 2 to 3 minutes, microwave spinach sprinkled
with a little water on a plate for 30 seconds, and toast
English muffins. Spread butter on toasted muffins. Top each
half with a slice of ham, some spinach, and a poached egg.
Drizzle with a healthy helping of Hollandaise and serve
immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/285898/eggs-benedict-florentine/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Eggs Benedict Florentine


french toast


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Spray a 9x13-inch baking pan with cooking spray; add bread
cubes. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese with an electric
mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time,
mixing well after each addition. Stir in milk, half-and-
half, maple syrup, and vanilla until mixture is smooth; pour
over bread cubes. Cover and refrigerate, 8 hours to
overnight. The next morning, remove soufflé from the
refrigerator and let stand at room temperature for 30
minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190
degrees C). Bake soufflé, uncovered, in the preheated oven
until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about
30 minutes. Serve warm, sprinkled with confectioners' sugar.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20935/french-toast-souffle/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=French Toast Souffl


french toast casserole


recipe not found for this
ructions


montecristo sandwiches


recipe not found for this


oatmeal


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly
grease 2 baking sheets. Make the cookies: Beat brown sugar
and butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer until
light and fluffy. Add eggs and mix well. Mix together flour,
cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a separate
bowl. Add flour mixture to wet ingredients in 2 batches,
alternating with boiling water, mixing batter after each
addition until well combined. Stir in oats. Drop spoonfuls
of dough 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes, switching
racks halfway through. Remove from the oven and transfer to
wire racks to cool. While the cookies are cooling, make the
filling: Beat 1 cup confectioners' sugar, egg white, milk,
and vanilla until combined. Beat in shortening and remaining
1 cup confectioners' sugar until light and creamy. Spread
filling onto 1/2 of the cooled cookies, then sandwich with
remaining cookies.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11332/oatmeal-whoopie-pies/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Oatmeal Whoopie Pies


omelets


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Add eggs to a bowl, along with water, soy sauce, mirin,
salt, sugar, and cayenne. Use a fork to beat eggs until
whites are completely incorporated. Transfer egg mixture
into a pourable measuring cup. Set a 10-inch non-stick pan
over medium heat. Mix sesame and vegetable oil in a small
bowl, and use a brush to oil the pan. Pour in 1/3 of egg
mixture. Tilt the pan to cover the bottom with eggs. Cook
until omelet is about halfway set, then use a spatula to
turn over about 1 inch of edge toward the center on 3 sides
to square the shape on those 3 sides. If eggs seem to be
cooking too fast, reduce heat to medium-low. Use a spatula
to roll the omelet toward the rounder side, to form a
rectangular roll, about 2 inches wide by 8 inches long.
Slide omelet over to about 3 inches from the edge of the
pan, and brush more oil over the pan surface. Pour the
second 1/3 of eggs around the omelet. Lift omelet slightly
with the spatula so that some eggs flow underneath. Raise
heat back to medium, if it was reduced. When egg layer is
halfway set, use a spatula to roll this layer up and over
the already-folded omelet in the pan, and continue to roll
into a rectangle. Add remaining 1/3 of egg mixture, and
repeat cooking and rolling steps to make the final layer.
Transfer omelet onto plastic wrap, and use it to shape the
omelet, before wrapping and rolling it into a tight package;
cover with a towel and let rest for 5 minutes. Unwrap, slice
into 6 or 8 pieces, and serve on a warm plate. Sprinkle with
furikake.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/japanese-style-rolled-omelet-tamagoyaki-recipe-8644676 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Japanese-Style Rolled Omelet (Tamagoyaki)


pancakes


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Combine buttermilk, flour, oats,
egg, oil, sugar, vanilla, baking powder, baking soda, and
salt in a blender; purée until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled
griddle or large skillet over medium-high heat. Pour 1/4
cupfuls batter onto the hot griddle. Cook until bubbles form
on the surface, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until browned
on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes more. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21384/oatmeal-pancakes-ii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Oatmeal Pancakes


stuffed crescents


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix
chicken, red bell pepper, spinach, Cheddar cheese,
mayonnaise, lemon zest, salt, and nutmeg together in a large
bowl. Set aside. Unroll crescent roll dough, and separate
into 16 triangles. Arrange triangles in a circle on a
13-inch baking stone or pizza pan with the wide ends of the
triangles overlapping in the center and points facing out.
The center diameter should be about 5-inches. Scoop chicken
mixture evenly onto the widest end of each triangle. Bring
the outer point of each triangle towards the center of the
circle and tuck the point under the wide end of the dough.
The filling will not be completely covered. Bake in the
preheated oven until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Slice
and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213259/florentine-chicken-ring/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Florentine Chicken Ring


Mexican Food Recipes


Fish and Seafood Recipes


Dessert Recipes


banana cream pie


recipe not found for this
ructions


banana nut muffins


recipe not found for this
ructions


banana pudding


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Separate eggs, placing the whites in the bowl of a stand
mixer and the yolks into a saucepan. Prepare the custard:
Add sugar, salt, and 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour to the
yolks. Splash in about 1/4 of the milk and start blending
mixture with a whisk. Pour in remaining milk and whisk until
smooth. Cook and stir mixture over medium heat until hot to
the touch, occasionally dipping your finger in to test.
Whisk constantly until custard is thick enough to form
ribbons. Remove custard from heat and add banana liqueur,
vanilla, then cold butter. Whisk until butter dissolves. Set
custard aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200
degrees C). Begin to assemble the pudding: Toss banana
slices with lemon juice. Spread 1/4 of the custard over the
bottom of a baking dish. Add a single layer of vanilla
wafers. Cover with 1/2 of the bananas and spread 1/2 of the
remaining custard on top. Add another layer of vanilla
wafers, using slightly fewer this time. Top with remaining
bananas and custard. Smooth the top and tap dish against the
counter to settle the pudding. Make the meringue topping:
Add cream of tartar to the egg whites. Beat using the whisk
attachment until foamy. Gradually add sugar and beat until
stiff, but not dry, peaks form. Spread meringue over the
pudding using a soft spatula, creating ridges for contrast.
Bake in the preheated oven until meringue is nicely browned,
7 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or chilled.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273495/southern-style-baked-banana-pudding/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Southern-Style Baked Banana Pudding


blueberry muffins


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Lightly
grease 12 muffin cups. In a large bowl, cream together
shortening and 1 cup sugar. Beat in eggs and vanilla.
Combine flour, baking powder and salt, and stir into egg
mixture alternately with the milk. Fold in blueberries.
Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups and sprinkle with
sugar. Bake in preheat oven for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to
375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and bake for 30 minutes more,
until golden.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18058/jordan-marsh-style-blueberry-muffins/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jordan Marsh Style Blueberry Muffins


brownies


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a
9x13-inch baking dish. Make peanut butter batter: Beat cream
cheese, peanut butter, sugar, egg, and milk in a medium bowl
until smooth. Set aside. Make brownie batter: Mix together
sugar, melted butter, and vanilla in a large bowl until
combined. Mix in eggs one at a time, beating well after each
addition. Combine flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt in a
separate bowl; mix into batter until well combined. Stir in
chocolate chips until incorporated. Set aside 1 cup brownie
batter. Spread remaining brownie batter into the prepared
dish. Spread peanut butter batter on top. Drop reserved
chocolate batter by teaspoonfuls over the top. Using a
knife, gently swirl through the top layers for a marbled
effect. Bake in the preheated oven until a wooden toothpick
inserted near the center comes out almost clean, 35 to 40
minutes. Cool completely, then cut into bars.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11266/michelles-peanut-butter-marbled-brownies/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Michelle's Peanut Butter Marbled Brownies


butterfinger cake


recipe not found for this
ructions


butterscotch cookies


recipe not found for this
ructions


butterscotch pudding


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Crumble flour
and margarine together. Blend well. Press mixture into the
bottom of a 9x13 inch pan. Bake 15 minutes at 375 degrees F
(190 degrees C) and let cool. In a mixing bowl, cream cream
cheese and sugar together. Stir 2 cups whipped topping into
the mixture; whip together and spread evenly over cooled
crust. Mix the pudding mix with 5 cups milk (do not follow
directions on box). Pour this mixture over the second layer
and top with remainder of dairy whipped topping. Refrigerate
and serve chilled.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18492/pudding-breeze/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pudding Breeze


cheesecake


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Wrap the
outside of a 10-inch springform pan with foil. Grease the
inside of the pan. Place the cream cheese, sugar, and flour
in a mixing bowl and cream until light and fluffy. Beat in
eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Scrape
bowl. Melt 4 ounces of the white chocolate. With an electric
mixer on low speed, mix melted white chocolate into cream
cheese mixture. Keeping electric mixer on low, slowly beat
in the vanilla and 1/2 cup of heavy cream. Blend well. Pour
mixture into the prepared springform pan. Place cheesecake
pan in a water bath filled with warm water. Bake at 300
degrees F (150 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes, or until
center of the cheesecake is just firm. Cool at room
temperature for 1 hour. Refrigerate until set before
removing from pan. To make White Chocolate Brandy Sauce:
place chopped white chocolate in a heat-proof bowl. Pour 1
cup cream into a saucepan and bring it to a boil over
medium-high heat. Watch carefully so it doesn't boil over.
Pour hot cream over chopped white chocolate; let soften for
2 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon until melted. Add brandy
and continue stirring until incorporated. Pour over chilled
cheesecake and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7385/white-chocolate-cheesecake-with-white-chocolate-brandy-sauce/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=White Chocolate Cheesecake with White Chocolate Brandy Sauce


chocolate cake


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and
flour 3 - 9 inch round pans. Sift together the flour, baking
soda and salt. Set aside. In a small saucepan, heat water
and 4 ounces chocolate until melted. Remove from heat and
allow to cool. In a large bowl, cream 1 cup butter and 2
cups sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in 4 egg yolks one
at a time. Blend in the melted chocolate mixture and
vanilla. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the
buttermilk, mixing just until incorporated. In a large glass
or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks
form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly
fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Pour into
3 - 9 inch pans Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes,
or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake
comes out clean. Allow to cool for 10 minutes in the pan,
then turn out onto wire rack. To make the Filling: In a
saucepan combine 1 cup sugar, evaporated milk, 1/2 cup
butter, and 3 egg yolks. Cook over low heat, stirring
constantly until thickened. Remove from heat. Stir in
coconut, pecans and vanilla. Cool until thick enough to
spread. Spread filling between layers and on top of cake. In
a small saucepan, melt shortening and 1 ounce of chocolate.
Stir until smooth and drizzle down the sides of the cake.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17644/german-chocolate-cake-iii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=German Chocolate Cake III


chocolate chip cookies


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine
flour, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Beat softened
butter, shortening, sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla in
another bowl until creamy. Beat in egg, then gradually add
flour mixture and mix well. Stir in chocolate chips. Bake on
ungreased cookie sheet until edges are starting to turn
golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10711/soft-chocolate-chip-cookies-ii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Soft Chocolate Chip Cookies


chocolate cream pie


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Combine flour, butter, and salt in a food processor. Pulse
until mixture resembles coarse crumbs, about 10 (1-second)
pulses. Stir ice water and vinegar in a small bowl. Pour 1/2
of the ice water mixture into flour mixture; pulse to
combine, about 3 (1-second) pulses. Pour in remaining ice
water mixture; pulse until mixture starts to come together,
about 8 (1-second) pulses. Turn dough out onto a wooden
surface, pat it into a circle, and divide it in half. Form
each half into a disc, about 5-inches wide. Wrap each disc
in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes
until ready to use. Use in your favorite pie recipe.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220996/easy-homemade-pie-crust/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Easy Homemade Pie Crust


chocolate pudding


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine the
flour and baking soda. Set aside. Mix the butter, brown
sugar, white sugar, pudding mix, and vanilla. Beat until
creamy. Add the eggs and mix well. Gradually stir in the
flour mixture. Stir in the chocolate chips and the chopped
nuts. Drop from teaspoon onto ungreased cookie sheets about
1 inch apart. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 8 to
10 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11182/chocolate-chip-pudding-cookies/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chocolate Chip Pudding Cookies


cinnamon rolls


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then
remove from heat. Mix in the butter; stir until melted. Add
water and let cool until lukewarm. In a large bowl, combine
the milk mixture, yeast, white sugar, salt, eggs and 2 cups
flour; stir well to combine. Stir in the remaining flour,
1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When
the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly
floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8
minutes. Divide dough into two pieces. Roll each piece into
a 12x9 inch rectangle. In a bowl, stir together the cinnamon
and brown sugar. Spread each piece with half of the butter,
half of the brown sugar and cinnamon mixture. Roll up dough,
using a little water to seal the seam. Cut each roll into 12
slices using a very sharp knife or dental floss. Place rolls
onto two 9x13 inch greased baking pans. Cover and let rise
until almost doubled, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat oven
to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for
20 to 25 minutes until golden brown. To make frosting;
combine confectioner's sugar, cream cheese, butter and
vanilla. Add milk gradually until frosting reaches a
spreading consistency. Spread over warm (but not hot)
cinnamon rolls.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24351/cinnamon-rolls-ii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cinnamon Rolls II


double chocolate muffins


recipe not found for this
ructions


jello


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Mix gelatin powders together in a heat-proof bowl. Add
boiling water; stir until dissolved. Stir in vodka and peach
schnapps. Pour mixture into little cups; chill until set,
about 4 hours.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275057/sex-on-the-beach-jell-o-shots/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sex on the Beach Jell-O Shots


layer brownies


recipe not found for this
ructions

Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/cookies-and-cream-brownies-recipe-8647010 

Reference Video 



oatmeal cookies


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat
butter or margarine and sugars until creamy. Add eggs and
vanilla; beat well. Add combined flour, cocoa powder, baking
soda, and salt; mix well. Stir in oats and raisins, mix
well. Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls onto ungreased
cookie sheets. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until cookies are
almost set. Do not overbake. Cool 1 minute on cookies
sheets, then move to wire racks. Cool; store tightly
covered.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10604/cocoa-oatmeal-cookies/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cocoa Oatmeal Cookies


orange cake


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Mix orange cake mix and bake in a 9x13 inch cake pan
according to package directions. Let cake cool and poke
holes in cake 1 inch apart with a fork. Mix the gelatin with
the hot water and then add the cold water. Pour evenly over
the cooled cake. Combine the whipped topping, instant
vanilla pudding, milk, vanilla and orange extracts. Beat
until thoroughly mixed and thickened. Spread evenly over the
cake. Refrigerate cake for 1 hour before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8156/orange-cream-cake-iii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Orange Cream Cake III


pecan pie


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Beat eggs
slightly in medium bowl. Beat in sugar, and then blend in
syrup, butter or margarine, vanilla, salt, and pecans. Pour
filling into unbaked pie shell. Bake in preheated oven for
15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C),
and continue baking 35 to 40 minutes; the pie will be brown
and slightly puffed.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12170/southern-pecan-pie-i/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Southern Pecan Pie I


red velvet cake


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease
two 12-cup muffin pans or line with 20 paper baking cups.
Beat sugar and butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer
until light and fluffy. Mix in eggs, buttermilk, red food
coloring, and vanilla. Stir in baking soda and vinegar.
Combine flour, cocoa powder, and salt; stir into the batter
just until blended. Spoon batter into the prepared cups,
dividing evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until the tops
spring back when lightly pressed, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in
the pan set over a wire rack. When cool, arrange the
cupcakes on a serving platter and frost with desired
frosting.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/105768/moist-red-velvet-cupcakes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Moist Red Velvet Cupcakes


reeses chip cookies


recipe not found for this
ructions


rice crispy treats


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a
9x13-inch baking dish. Place brownie mix into a mixing bowl
and stir in vegetable oil, water, and eggs; beat 50 strokes
with a spoon. Spread the batter into the prepared baking
dish. Bake brownies in the preheated oven until a toothpick
inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs, 25 to
30 minutes. Check after 25 minutes. Let the brownies cool
while you complete remaining steps. Spread marshmallow creme
over the warm brownies. Place milk chocolate chips and
peanut butter in a large saucepan over low heat and stir
until the mixture is warm, completely melted, and smoothly
combined. Stir in the crispy rice cereal until thoroughly
coated and spread over the marshmallow creme layer, pressing
and filling any voids. Refrigerate until set, 20 to 30
minutes. Cut into bars to serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228299/krispy-brownie-delights/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Krispy Brownie Delights


