Adjarian Khachapuri


Ingredients
1 ¼ cups whole milk, heated to lukewarm (110° to 115°F)
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
¾ teaspoon sugar
3 cups flour, plus more for dusting
1 tablespoon sunflower oil, plus more for brushing
¾ teaspoon plus a pinch of kosher salt
2 ¼ cups shredded whole-milk mozzarella cheese
½ cup whole-milk ricotta cheese
4 large egg yolks
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened

Cooking Instructions

Whisk together milk, yeast, and sugar in a large bowl. Let
stand, covered with a kitchen towel, until mixture is foamy,
about 10 minutes. Sift flour into milk mixture. Add oil and
3/4 teaspoon salt; stir with a rubber spatula until mixture
is well combined and a shaggy dough forms. Transfer to a
work surface and shape into a ball; knead until smooth and
soft but slightly sticky, about 5 minutes. Shape dough into
a ball and lightly brush with oil; transfer to a large bowl
and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm (70
to 80 degrees F (21 to 26 degrees C)) place until doubled in
size, about 1 1/2 hours. Stir together mozzarella and
ricotta in a small bowl. Season with remaining pinch of
salt; stir to combine. Divide dough into 4 equal portions.
Roll each into a 5x8-inch oval, about 1/4 inch thick, on a
lightly floured work surface. Spread about 1/4 cup cheese
mixture over each oval, leaving a 11/2-inch border
uncovered. Fold the long edges of each oval inward to meet
at the center and pinch the seam together tightly to seal in
cheese mixture. Turn dough over, so the seam side is down.
Use a small, sharp knife to make a shallow lengthwise slit
down the center of the top layer of dough, stopping within 1
inch of each end. Use your fingers to roll each long edge
away from the slit and tuck it under to create a rolled
border, sealing in some of the cheese mixture. Evenly divide
and spread remaining cheese mixture (about 1/4 cup each) in
the centers of each flatbread, lightly pressing into dough.
Arrange flatbreads 2 to 3 inches apart on 2 parchment-lined
baking sheets. Cover with a kitchen towel in a warm place
(70° to 80°F) until slightly puffed, 25 to 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake,
rotating baking sheets halfway through, until edges are
golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Use a spoon to make a well
in the center of the filling in each flatbread. Put an egg
yolk in each well. Bake until yolks are thickened but still
runny, 30 to 40 seconds more. Transfer flatbreads to a
serving platter. Top each with 1/2 tablespoon butter. Stir
yolks into melted cheese. Serve hot.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8525280/adjarian-khachapuri/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Adjarian Khachapuri
