Apple Cider Pork Tenderloin With Sweet Potatoes


Ingredients
1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 pound) pork tenderloin
2 Fuji apples
1 red onion
1 white-fleshed sweet potato
4 tablespoons unsalted butter,
2 cups apple cider
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
fresh thyme sprigs for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) and line a
sheet pan with parchment. Combine garlic, salt, pepper,
thyme and smoked paprika in a small bowl. Pat tenderloin dry
with paper towels. Coat all sides with half of seasoning
mixture, using fingertips to rub into the meat. Let seasoned
tenderloin stand at room temperature while other ingredients
are being prepped. Combine apples, red onion, and sweet
potato in a bowl. Sprinkle with remaining seasoning mixture
and stir to combine. Melt 2 tablespoons butter, pour over
seasoned mixture, and stir to coat. Spread in a single layer
on the prepared baking sheet. Roast in the center of the
preheated oven, uncovered, for about 10 minutes. Meanwhile,
melt remaining butter in a large skillet over medium-high
heat. When butter stops sizzling, add tenderloin to the
skillet and brown on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Nestle tenderloin into the middle of the sheet pan with
apple mixture. Return pan to the oven and roast while glaze
is prepared, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, for glaze, to the
same skillet add apple cider, red wine vinegar, and Dijon
mustard. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a full
rolling boil. Allow liquid to reduce to about 1 cup, and
spoon generously over tenderloin and apple mixture. Continue
roasting until the internal temperature of the thickest part
of pork reaches 140 degrees F (60 degrees C), 5 to 10
minutes more. Remove from the oven and tent with foil. Allow
to rest about 5 minutes. Residual cooking should bring pork
up to 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), when tested with an
instant read thermometer. To serve, slice pork into 1/2-inch
slices, garnish with fresh thyme, and serve with roasted
vegetables and apples.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/apple-cider-pork-tenderloin-with-sweet-potatoes-recipe-8774666 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Apple Cider Pork Tenderloin With Sweet Potatoes
