Apple Sausage Gravy Dumplings


Ingredients
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound pork sausage
1/2 large yellow onion,
1 pinch salt
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 large apple
4 cups chicken broth
1/2 cup milk
ground black pepper
cayenne pepper
1/4 cup green onions
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 large egg
1/4 cup apple cider
1/4 cup creme fraiche
1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves
2 tablespoons green onions
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 cup all-purpose flour

Cooking Instructions

Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat and
add sausage. Cook and stir, breaking up chunks with a
spatula, until browned and crumbly, about 5 minutes. Reduce
heat to medium, add onions and a pinch of salt, and cook,
stirring, until onions start to turn soft and translucent,
about 5 minutes. Stir in butter, and once melted, add flour.
Cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add diced apple, and
cook, stirring for another minute or so. Pour in chicken
broth, raise heat to high, and stir with a spoon, scraping
up all the browned bits (fond) from the bottom. Add milk and
bring mixture to a simmer. Reduce heat to between medium and
medium-low, and simmer for about 15 minutes. For thicker
gravy, mixture can be reduced further. Reduce heat to
medium-low and prepare dumpling batter. Combine egg, cider,
creme fraiche, thyme, 2 tablespoons green onions, 1 teaspoon
salt, and baking powder in a bowl and whisk thoroughly. Add
1 cup flour and whisk just until flour disappears. Clean off
whisk with a spatula, and scrape down the sides of the bowl,
mixing in any visible flour. Set batter aside until needed.
Stir gravy and taste for seasoning—add more salt if needed,
plus freshly ground black pepper, cayenne, 1/4 cup green
onions, and 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar. Raise heat to
medium, and transfer generous, rounded teaspoons of dumpling
batter on top of the simmering gravy. Cover, and let cook,
untouched, until dumplings are puffed up, and floating on
top, 5 to 6 minutes. A skewer inserted into the center of a
dumpling should come out clean. Serve immediately topped
with additional green onions if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/apple-sausage-gravy-dumplings-recipe-8714162 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Apple Sausage Gravy Dumplings
