Baked Sweet And Sour Chicken


Ingredients
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
4 4 (6-ounce) boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1 inch cubes
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt
2 large eggs
1 cup all purpose flour
2 large multicolored bell peppers
1/2 cup ketchup
1/4 cup pineapple juice
1/4 cup honey
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
3 cups cooked white rice

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245
degrees C) with racks in upper and lower third positions.
Grease each of 2 baking sheets with 1 tablespoon of the oil
along 1 of the short sides; set aside. Sprinkle chicken
evenly with pepper and 1 1/2 teaspoons of the salt, and
place in a bowl. Add eggs, and stir to coat. Place flour in
a shallow bowl or baking dish. Working in batches, dredge
chicken in flour, and shake off excess. Divide chicken
between the prepared baking sheets, spreading in an even
layer along short edges. Divide bell peppers among baking
sheets, spreading evenly along other short edges. Drizzle
bell peppers evenly with remaining 2 tablespoons oil, and
toss gently to coat. Bake in the preheated oven, rotating
baking sheets halfway through, until chicken is browned in
spots, about 15 minutes. Remove chicken and bell peppers
from the oven; use a spatula to carefully flip chicken only
. Return to the oven, and continue baking at 475 degrees F
(245 degrees C) until chicken is crispy and a thermometer
inserted into thickest portion of chicken registers 165
degrees F (73 degrees C), about 5 minutes. While chicken is
baking, whisk together ketchup, pineapple juice, honey, soy
sauce, rice vinegar, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a
small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium, whisking
occasionally. Reduce to a simmer over medium-low, and cook,
stirring often, until mixture is reduced to 3/4 cup and
coats back of spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Pour
1/4 cup of the prepared sauce over chicken on the baking
sheets; toss to coat evenly. Divide rice, chicken, and bell
peppers evenly among bowls. Drizzle evenly with remaining
1/2 cup sauce. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/baked-sweet-and-sour-chicken-recipe-8654805 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baked Sweet And Sour Chicken
