Bang Bang Chicken Nuggets


Ingredients
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts and/or thighs
2 tablespoons breadcrumbs
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/3 cup cornstarch
1/3 cup self-rising flour
1/3 cup green onions
3 cups vegetable oil for frying, or as needed
3/4 cup mayonnaise
2 tablespoons honey
3 tablespoons Sriracha hot sauce
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
3 tablespoons rice vinegar
1/2 teaspoon pepper

Cooking Instructions

Cut chicken into about 1 to 1 1/2- inch pieces; add to the
bowl of a food processor. Add breadcrumbs, salt, paprika,
black pepper, cayenne, garlic powder, and the 1 tablespoon
vegetable oil to the food processor, and pulse on and off
until mixture is finely ground, but not yet a smooth puree.
Scoop 2 tablespoon-sized portions onto a sheet pan, making
24 total. Cover and chill for about 30 minutes. Meanwhile,
shake self-rising flour and cornstarch together in a bag,
and set aside (if using all-purpose flour, add in 1/2
teaspoon baking soda). Using slightly damp hands, shape each
portion into a ball; add 5 to 6 at a time to the flour
mixture in the bag. Toss to coat, shake off excess, and
place back on the sheet pan. Once coated, form each into the
nugget shape of your choice. A ball shape works well for
deep frying; if pan-frying, a flat nugget works best. Chill
in the refrigerator for at least 1 to 2 hours, or until
ready to fry. Nuggets can be made a day ahead. While nuggets
chill, whisk mayonnaise, honey, Sriracha, soy sauce, sesame
oil, rice vinegar, and Sichuan pepper together in a bowl;
cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat oil in a
deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees
C). Deep fry nuggets until no longer pink at the center and
golden brown on the outside, about 4 minutes. An instant
read thermometer inserted near the center should read 165
degrees F (74 degrees C. Alternately, heat oil as needed in
a skillet over medium-high heat, and shallow fry until
cooked as above, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer cooked
nuggets to a mixing bowl, and add half the sliced green
onions. Pour in about 1/2 cup sauce, and toss to coat. Extra
sauce can be served alongside, or used for other
applications—as sandwich spread or as a dip. Transfer to a
serving platter, top with more Sriracha and remaining green
onions. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/bang-bang-chicken-nuggets-recipe-8767654 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bang Bang Chicken Nuggets
