Beef Birria Ramen


Ingredients
10 chilies, seeded
4 chilies
water,
1 tablespoon avocado oil
1/2 white onion
4 garlic cloves,
6 Roma tomatoes
1 teaspoon peppercorns
6 whole cloves
1 (1/2 inch) piece dried ginger root
1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1/2 tablespoon dried marjoram
1/2 tablespoon oregano
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon, such as
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
salt to taste
2 pounds beef chuck roast
2 beef shanks
2 beef short ribs
1 1/2 quarts beef stock
1 (2 1/2 inch) stick cinnamon
1/2 white onion, cut into chunks
4 garlic cloves,
2 bay leaves
8 servings Japanese ramen noodles (not instant ramen)
1 large white onion
1 bunch cilantro leaves
lime wedges

Cooking Instructions

For sauce base, first toast chilies: heat a dry griddle or
skillet over medium heat. Toast guajillo chilies and chiles
de arbol, turning often, until fragrant and lightly browned,
being careful not to burn them. Place chilies in a bowl,
cover them with boiling water, and soak until reconstituted,
about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil over medium heat in a
large pan. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until soft,
about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and cook until they break
down, about 5 minutes. Let the mixture cool. Place
peppercorns, cloves, dried ginger, cumin seeds, thyme,
marjoram, and oregano in a mortar and grind into a fine mix.
In a blender, combine soaked chilies, 1/4 cup of the chile
soaking liquid, onion-tomato mix, ground spices, chicken
bouillon, and apple cider vinegar. Blend until smooth. Add a
small amount of beef broth if needed for blending. Taste
sauce; season with salt. To cook meat, place chuck roast,
beef shanks, and beef short ribs in a large pot and pour the
sauce over it. Add enough beef broth to cover meat by about
1 inch, then stir to combine. Bring to a boil over high
heat, then add cinnamon stick, onion, garlic, and bay
leaves. Cover, and reduce heat to low, and simmer until meat
is tender and falling apart, about 2 1/2 hours. Remove and
discard short rib bones; skim fat from surface of broth
using a spoon. Reserve fat for another use, such as
quesabirrias. Taste broth; season with salt. Bring a large
pot of salted water to a boil, add ramen, and cook until
tender, 7 to 20 minutes, or according to package
instructions. Drain; divide noodles into bowls. To assemble
the dish, ladle birria and broth over ramen. Top with
chopped onion and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/beef-birria-ramen-recipe-8749389 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Beef Birria Ramen
