Best Ever Cuban Sandwich


Ingredients
1/2 white onion
15 cloves garlic
3 oranges
3 limes
1 tablespoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons dried oregano
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 (5 pound) pork shoulder roast
1/4 cup butter, softened, divided
1 loaf Cuban bread,
2 1/2 tablespoons yellow mustard
1 1/2 tablespoons mayonnaise
8 slices Swiss cheese
2 cups roast pork
12 ounces deli ham
12 sandwich-sliced refrigerated kosher dill pickles

Cooking Instructions

Prepare pork shoulder: Add onion, garlic, orange juice, lime
juice, cumin, oregano, black pepper, and salt into a food
processor or blender and process until smooth. Place pork in
the bottom of a heavy-bottomed Dutch oven or large baking
dish and cut 3 or 4 large deep slits in the meat. Pour
marinade over pork, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator
4 hours or overnight. Place Dutch oven with prepared pork,
covered, in the oven and set the temperature to 325 degrees
F (165 degrees C). Bake until pork is very tender, 3 to 4
hours. Remove from the oven; rest 15 minutes. Remove pork to
a cutting board. Skim any fat from the cooking liquid, and
set cooking liquid aside. Shred pork with two forks, and
discard any remaining fat and bone. Return pork to the pot,
and add cooking liquid back into meat as needed to moisten.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a
large skillet over medium heat. Spread about 2 tablespoons
softened butter over cut sides of bread and place bread,
buttered sides down, in skillet. Cook until buttered side is
lightly browned and toasted, about 3 minutes. Stir mustard
and mayonnaise together in a small bowl. Spread about 2
teaspoons mustard mixture over bottom halves of bread and
top with 1 slice of cheese, tearing as needed to fit the
bread without hanging over the edges. Using tongs or a
slotted spoon, add about 1/2 cup shredded pork to each
sandwich, draining off any excess liquid. Top each evenly
with ham, 3 pickle slices, and 1 cheese slice. Spread
remaining mustard mixture evenly over top pieces of bread
and place on top. Reheat the skillet over medium heat.
Spread about 1 tablespoon butter lightly on the outsides of
the 4 bottom buns. Working 2 sandwiches at a time, place
sandwiches, buttered side down, in skillet. Place 1 or 2
heavy-bottomed skillets on top of sandwiches to weigh them
down. Cook until toasted and lightly golden brown, 2 to 3
minutes. Remove weighted skillets. Spread remaining 1
tablespoon butter over the 4 top halves of sandwiches, flip
and press with weighted skillets again until toasted. Remove
the first 2 sandwiches from skillet; repeat the toasting
process with remaining sandwiches. Cut sandwiches in halves
and serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/best-ever-cuban-sandwich-8631469 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Best Ever Cuban Sandwich
