Big Mac Casserole


Ingredients
8 frozen hash brown patties
1 onion
1 cup mayonnaise
2 teaspoons osher salt, divided
2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish
2 teaspoons white vinegar
2 teaspoons sugar
2 teaspoons mustard
1 1/2 teaspoons paprika
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/4 lb ground beef sirloin
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
8 ounces Cheddar cheese, grated, divided
2 teaspoons sesame seeds
3 cups shredded iceberg lettuce
½ cup hamburger dill pickle slices, roughly chopped

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees F). Place
hash brown patties in a single layer along the bottom of a
9x13 baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until golden
and crisp on the bottom, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, grate
or very finely mince 2 tablespoons of onion and set aside,
along with any accumulated juices. Cut the remaining onion
into a small dice and set aside. While hash browns bake,
combine grated onion with mayonnaise, 1/2 teaspoon salt,
sweet pickle relish, white vinegar, sugar, mustard, paprika,
and onion powder in a bowl and mix well. Set aside. Heat oil
in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add beef and cook,
undisturbed for 3 minutes. Continue to cook, while crumbling
the meat with the back of a spoon and stirring occasionally,
until browned and mostly cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Season with remaining salt, pepper, Worcestershire and
remaining chopped onions and cook for 1 minute. Remove from
the heat and stir in 2/3 cup of the sauce mixture and 1 1/3
cup cheese. Flip hashbrown patties over so the crispy side
is on top. Pour meat mixture over hash browns and top with
remaining shredded cheese. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and
until bubbly and cheese is melted, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove
from oven and let stand for 5 minutes. Top with shredded
lettuce and drizzle with remaining sauce. Top with chopped
pickles and serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/big-mac-casserole-recipe-7965584 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Big Mac Casserole
