Bihari Kabab


Ingredients
1 1/4 pounds tenderloin,
1/4 cup avocado oil
1/2 onion, thinly sliced
1 kiwi, peeled and quartered
1 1/2 tablespoons gram flour
1/2 tablespoon poppy seeds
1 tablespoon garlic paste
1 tablespoon ginger paste
1 small serrano chile pepper
1/4 cup mustard oil
2 tablespoons white vinegar
1/4 cup plain full fat yogurt
1/2 nutmeg seed
1 tablespoon mace
5 star anise pods
5 whole dried red Kashmiri chilies
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt

Cooking Instructions

Pound tenderloin strips with a meat mallet until they are
very thin; set aside. Heat avocado oil in a frying pan over
medium heat. Fry onion in the hot oil until it is a deep
brown, about 5 minutes. Strain browned onion into a small
bowl using a slotted spoon, and set aside to use later. Peel
kiwi, cut into quarters, and set aside in a small bowl for
later. Heat a small non-stick skillet over medium heat, and
toast gram flour until lightly browned and nutty, 2 to 4
minutes; transfer to a small bowl and set aside. Dry-roast
poppy seeds in the same skillet until lightly brown and
aromatic, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove to a small bowl; set aside.
In the same skillet, dry-roast nutmeg, mace, star anise, and
Kashmiri chilies together until fragrant, 2 to 4 minutes.
Transfer the whole spices and chilies to a spice grinder,
and grind them to a coarse powder. Add browned onions, kiwi,
ginger paste, garlic paste, and serrano chile to the bowl of
a food processor, and grind to a paste, about 30 seconds.
Pour in mustard oil, white vinegar, and yogurt and pulse the
food processor until everything is well blended, about 15
seconds. Last of all, add roasted poppy seeds, roasted gram
flour, roasted ground whole spices, chili powder, cumin,
garam masala, black pepper, and salt to the food processor;
process marinade for 1 minute. Spoon marinade into a
resealable plastic bag and add tenderized beef strips. Seal
bag and squeeze gently to coat beef on all sides with
marinade. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours, but ideally
overnight. Remove marinated beef from the refrigerator;
thread beef strips on sturdy metal skewers, packing them in
tightly. Reserve any leftover marinade to baste the kababs
with as they cook. This prevents them from drying out.
Preheat an outdoor grill to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C)
and lightly oil the grate. Grill kababs on the preheated
grill, uncovered, for 5 minutes per side. Reduce grill
temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), cover the
grill, and cook kababs for 10 minutes. Turn kebabs, brush
with marinade, and continue cooking until the internal
temperature of the meat reaches 170 degrees F (77 degrees
C), about 10 minutes more. If kababs look a bit dry at any
point in the cooking process, brush both sides with a little
bit of avocado oil. Remove skewers to a serving dish.
Discard any uncooked marinade. Enjoy the kababs with naan,
sliced red onions, tamarind chutney, and green chutney.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/bihari-kabab-recipe-7509081 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bihari Kabab
