Bistro-Style Steak


Ingredients
1 (14-ounce) New York strip steak
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon clarified butter
2 tablespoons shallots
1/3 cup white wine
1/3 cup beef bone broth
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed

Cooking Instructions

Trim any excess fat from the steak, then trim off the tough
membrane by running a sharp knife between the membrane and
the meat under the fat cap of the steak. Season evenly on
both sides with salt and pepper, and place on a crinkled-up
piece of foil set on a plate. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at
least 2 and up to 10 hours, turning occasionally. Bring the
steak out of the refrigerator to sit at room temperature for
15 to 30 minutes before beginning to cook, turning over once
halfway through. Place a heavy duty steel pan over high
heat, and add oil and clarified butter. When the fats are
hot and start to shimmer, place steak in the pan. When steak
begins to sizzle, reduce the heat to medium. Cook the first
side for 2 minutes, then pick up the steak with tongs, and
rub the seared surface around the pan to redistribute the
fat under the steak. Sear the first side for 2 minutes more,
for a total of 4 minutes. Turn steak over and repeat searing
on the second side, 4 minutes total, or until the steak is
cooked to your desired doneness. For medium rare, remove
steak when an instant-read thermometer inserted near the
center reaches 125 degrees F (52 degrees C). Turn off the
heat, remove the steak to a plate, cover very loosely with
foil, and let rest while you make the pan sauce, about 5
minutes. For sauce, add minced shallots to the still-hot
pan, and cook, stirring, until they start to soften and take
on some color, about 1 minute. If there is not enough
residual heat in the pan for this step, turn heat back on to
medium. Turn the heat to high, and add wine. Cook, stirring,
until wine reduces by at least half, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in
the beef bone broth, and cook until the liquids in the pan
reduce by about 3/4, 1 to 2 minutes more. Turn off heat. Add
cold butter cubes, and swirl the pan until butter disappears
and a slightly thick, glossy sauce has formed, about 30
seconds. Season with a pinch of salt if needed, and serve
over rested steak.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/bistro-style-steak-recipe-8787026 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bistro-Style Steak
