Bloody Mary Pork Tacos


Ingredients
1 (12 to 16 ounce) pork tenderloin
1 tablespoon olive oil
5 teaspoons prepared horseradish, divided
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, divided
4 Roma tomatoes
1 lemon, halved
1/2 red onion
1 Fresno or serrano chile pepper
1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon black pepper, divided
1/2 cup Mexican crema
24 corn tortillas
chopped celery

Cooking Instructions

Put pork in a resealable plastic bag set in a shallow dish.
Add oil, 1 teaspoon horseradish, and 1 teaspoon
Worcestershire sauce. Seal bag; turn to coat. Chill for 30
minutes or up to 4 hours. Prepare an outdoor grill for
direct and indirect grilling, lighting burners on just one
side or pushing lit coals to one side. Preheat to medium
heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Oil
grill grates. Grill tomatoes and lemon (cut sides down),
onion, and chile over direct heat, covered, turning onion
and pepper halfway through, until lightly charred, 6 to 8
minutes. Remove from heat. Keep grill lit. Remove pork from
marinade; discard marinade. Sprinkle pork with 1/2 teaspoon
each salt and black pepper. Grill over indirect heat,
covered, turning halfway through, 30 to 35 minutes or until
an instant-read thermometer inserted into center registers
145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Transfer to a cutting board
and tent with foil; let rest 10 minutes. Meanwhile, for
salsa, finely chop grilled tomatoes and onion, reserving
half of onion for serving. Halve, seed (if desired), and
finely chop chile. Stir together tomatoes, onion, chile, 2
teaspoons horseradish, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, the
juice from 1 lemon half, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon each
salt and black pepper in a bowl. For horseradish crema,
whisk together Mexican crema, remaining 2 teaspoons
horseradish, and 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce in a small
bowl. Thinly slice pork and divide among tortillas (2
tortillas per taco). Top with salsa, horseradish crema, and
reserved onion. Serve with celery, olives, and cotija. Serve
with remaining lemon, cut into wedges.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/bloody-mary-pork-tacos-recipe-8661548 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bloody Mary Pork Tacos
