Broccoli and Cheese Rice Casserole With Garlic Pretzel Topping


Ingredients
2 cups uncooked white rice
4 cups water
8 cups broccoli florets
2 tablespoons butter
1 small yellow onion
2 cloves garlic
1 10.5-ounce can condensed cream of mushroom soup
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup milk
3 cups sharp Cheddar cheese
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon paprika
3 cups pretzels
6 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Cooking Instructions

Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to
medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water
has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile,
place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water
to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a
boil. Add broccoli, cover, and steam until slightly tender,
3 to 4 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180
degrees F) and grease a 9 x 13 baking dish. Melt butter in a
large skillet over medium heat. Add diced onion and cook
until soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic
and cook for another 30 seconds. Stir in cream of mushroom
soup, sour cream, and milk. Mix until smooth. Add 2 cups of
shredded Cheddar cheese, salt, pepper, and paprika. Stir in
the cheese until it’s melted and the mixture is mostly
smooth. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cooked rice,
steamed broccoli, and cheese mixture. Stir until well
combined. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish
and spread evenly. Mix crushed garlic Parmesan pretzels,
melted butter, and grated Parmesan cheese in a bowl until
combined. Sprinkle topping evenly over the casserole. Bake
uncovered for 25 minutes until pretzel topping is golden
brown. Add remaining cup of cheese and bake until cheese is
melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Allow casserole to cool for a few
minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/broccoli-and-cheese-rice-casserole-with-garlic-pretzel-topping-recipe-8775000 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Broccoli and Cheese Rice Casserole With Garlic Pretzel Topping
