Cheese and Potato Stuffed Flatbread


Ingredients
2 russet potatoes
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons water
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon melted butter
2 tablespoons green onions (optional)
2 tablespoons green chilies (optional)
4 ounces mozzarella cheese, cut into very small cubes
1 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese
3 ounces feta cheese, crumbled
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons butter, divided
2 tablespoons honey
1 teaspoon hot chili pepper flakes
1 tablespoon green onions (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place
potatoes in a baking dish, and pierce skins several times
with a knife. Bake potatoes in the preheated oven until very
tender when tested with a knife, about 1 hour. Remove from
the oven, cover with a towel, and cool potatoes to room
temperature, about 30 minutes. Turn oven off. Place flour in
a bowl, and make a small well in the center with a fork.
Pour milk, water, and salt into the well, and stir with a
fork to form a shaggy dough. Pour in the 1 tablespoon melted
butter, and continue to mix with a fork until dough begins
to come together. Lightly flour your hand and knead in the
bowl until the sides of the bowl are clean, and dough forms
into a ball. Transfer dough to a lightly floured work
surface and knead until dough is smooth and slightly
elastic, 2 to 4 minutes. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and set
aside to rest for 15 to 30 minutes. Measure out 8 ounces of
cooled, cooked potato; add to a bowl and mash with the back
of a fork, until slightly chunky or completely smooth, as
desired. Add green onions, green chilies, mozzarella,
Cheddar, and feta cheese and stir thoroughly to combine.
Season with salt and pepper. Mash filling into a compact
disc, about 5 inches in diameter, in the bottom of the bowl.
Turn filling out onto a piece of plastic wrap. Wrap tightly,
give filling a final shaping, and place in the refrigerator
until ready to use. Roll dough out on a well-floured work
surface into a 10- to 11-inch circle. Place chilled filling
disc in center of dough circle. Working around the circle,
fold dough up toward the center to cover filling completely,
pleating dough as needed and using a moistened finger to
stick dough together where it overlaps. Flour the top, and
flip over so the seam side is down. Again, flour the top of
filled dough, and roll gently into an even circle, 3/4- to
1-inch thick. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a nonstick
skillet over medium heat. Gently place filled bread in the
skillet and cook, covered, until the bottom is a light
golden brown, about 5 minutes. Carefully flip over, and
cook, covered, until the other side is golden, about 5
minutes. Turn bread back over, and brush top and sides with
remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter. Cook for 1 to 2
minutes more. If flatbread begins to bulge, poke a small
hole with a knife to release steam. Transfer to a cutting
board and cool for 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, stir honey
and pepper flakes together in a small bowl. Sprinkle
flatbread with green onions, cut into wedges, and serve with
spicy honey.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/georgian-style-cheese-and-potato-stuffed-flatbread-recipe-7973237 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cheese and Potato Stuffed Flatbread
