Cherry Cola Ribs


Ingredients
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons mustard
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons cherry cola
1 (3 pound) rack baby back ribs, membrane removed
1 1/2 cups cherry cola
2 tablespoons ketchup
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
salt to taste

Cooking Instructions

For dry rub, whisk salt, smoked paprika, onion powder,
garlic powder, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper together in a
small bowl; set aside. For wet rub, whisk mustard, vinegar,
and 2 tablespoons cherry cola together in a small bowl; set
aside. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Line a sheet pan with a piece of foil long enough to extend
past the rack of ribs by at least 6 inches on both ends. Use
large size, heavy-duty foil if possible. Place the ribs,
meat side up, on the foil. Brush wet rub over top and sides,
and sprinkle about 60% of dry rub over the surface. Turn
ribs over and, with the bone side up, brush with wet rub,
then sprinkle with all the remaining dry rub. Reserve any
wet rub left at this point. Center the ribs lengthwise on
the foil, and bring up the ends of the foil, like a boat,
and crimp so any juices will stay inside. Crimp the two long
edges together over the top of the ribs. The foil doesn’t
have to be airtight, but the whole rack should be covered.
Bake in the preheated oven for 2 hours. Remove, open the
foil, and pour off juices that have accumulated in the foil
into a saucepan. Turn the rack meat side up, and brush with
wet rub. Enclose again in the foil, and continue to roast at
250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 1 hour. While meat is
cooking, add any remaining wet rub to the juices in the
saucepan, then add the 1 1/2 cups cherry cola, ketchup, and
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Bring to a simmer
on medium high, cook until liquid is reduced by half. Reduce
heat further, and simmer liquids very slowly until they
eventually thicken and become sauce-like. Once it is the
thickness of barbecue sauce, remove from heat entirely.
After one hour at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C), remove ribs
from the oven, and open out the foil, pressing foil flat to
line the pan. Turn the oven temperature up to 300 degrees F
(150 degrees C). Brush ribs with sauce. Return ribs to the
oven for 15 minutes. Repeat this process, brushing ribs with
sauce every 15 minutes, until ribs are tender and come
easily off the bone, about 1 hour more. (See Note) Let ribs
rest for about 10 minutes. Slice between each rib with a
sharp knife, and serve with extra sauce.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/cherry-cola-ribs-recipe-7547750 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cherry Cola Ribs
