Chicken Chalupas


Ingredients
3 cups all-purpose flour
4 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 1/4 cups whole milk
2 tablespoons butter
2 cups iceberg lettuce
1 cup tomatoes
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
pico de gallo
1 cup refried beans
1 1/2 cups cooked chicken
2 tablespoons taco seasoning
oil for frying

Cooking Instructions

To make the chalupa shells, combine flour, baking powder,
and salt in a medium mixing bowl. Stir well to combine the
dry ingredients. Gradually pour in milk, while stirring,
until you need to use your hand to knead. Add in the melted
butter, and knead well. Shape dough into 6 equal balls.
Sprinkle flour over a work surface and flour the rolling
pin. Roll each dough ball into about a 7-inch circle, moving
the dough a quarter turn after a couple of passes with the
rolling pin. Add more flour to the work surface and rolling
pin if dough sticks. Keep rolled dough circles under a
clean, damp kitchen towel until ready to fry. Set up
stations of chopped lettuce, chopped tomatoes, shredded
cheese, and any optional toppings you plan to use, and place
in a convenient array for assembling the chalupas. Microwave
refried beans on medium setting until soft and spreadable,
about 1 minute, and add as the first station to your other
ingredients. Warm shredded chicken briefly in the microwave
or in a skillet, and toss with taco seasoning mix, and add
as the second station to the other ingredients. To fry
chalupa shells, add cooking oil to a depth of about 1/4-inch
to a large, nonstick skillet. Heat oil over medium heat, and
when the oil is hot, fry one side of one dough circle until
lightly brown, about 1 minute. Using tongs, lift the
partially cooked shell from the skillet and place only half
of the uncooked side into the oil. Carefully hold half of
the shell away from the oil, until the first half is
browned, about 1 minute, then brown the other half. Repeat
until all the shells are done. To keep the bent shape, place
fried chalupa shells into a taco holder until ready to fill.
To serve, spread each chalupa shell with about 2 tablespoons
refried beans, and fill with 2 or 3 tablespoons seasoned
shredded chicken. Fill with lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese.
Garnish with optional toppings, such as pico de gallo, sour
cream, and sliced avocados, if desired. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chicken-chalupas-recipe-8681727 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Chalupas
