Chicken Ricotta Meatballs


Ingredients
2 teaspoons oil
1/2 white onion
6 cloves garlic
1/2 teaspoon pepper
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup panko
1/4 cup ricotta cheese
1 large egg
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 pound ground chicken
15 Roma tomatoes
1 onion
2 tablespoons olive oil
8 cloves garlic, peeled
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
basil leaves, cut into thin strips, for garnish
shaved Parmesan, for garnish

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a
baking sheet with foil or parchment paper. Heat olive oil in
a skillet. Add onion and garlic, season with 1/4 teaspoon
salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and cook until soft and
translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.
Combine panko and ricotta in a bowl and mix well. Add egg
and season with remaining salt, pepper and Italian
seasoning; mix to combine. Add ground chicken, and cooked
onion and garlic mixture; mix gently to combine. Shape into
about 24 meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake meatballs in the preheated oven until no longer pink in
the center and the juices run clear. An instant-read
thermometer inserted into the center should read at least
165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 20 minutes; remove to
cool. To make the sauce, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F
(220 degrees C). Coat the tomatoes with olive oil, then
place cut side down in a single layer on a rimmed baking
sheet. Add onion and garlic cloves to the baking sheet and
sprinkle everything with salt. Roast in the preheated oven
until tomato skins begin to shrivel and tomatoes begin to
release their juice, about 25 minutes. Remove and let cool
slightly. Carefully discard the skins. Place tomatoes,
onion, and garlic in a blender and blend to your preferred
consistency. Stir in Italian seasoning and serve with
chicken meatballs. Garnish with basil and shaved Parmesan.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chicken-ricotta-meatballs-recipe-8683251 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Ricotta Meatballs
