Chicken Laredo with Cilantro Cream


Ingredients
4 boneless chicken breasts
1/4 cup orange juice
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
1 1/2 tablespoons chili powder
1 teaspoon oregano
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1 pinch ground cinnamon
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup fresh cilantro
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1 tablespoon lime juice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pinch red pepper flakes
4 slices onterey Jack cheese
1 avocado - peeled, pitted, and sliced
1/2 cup chopped tomato
cilantro sprigs (optional)
lime slices (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Place chicken breasts between 2 sheets of heavy plastic on a
solid, level surface. Pound chicken with the smooth side of
a meat mallet to an even thickness. Combine orange juice,
vinegar, chili powder, oregano, garlic, salt, black pepper,
and cinnamon, in a 1-gallon resealable plastic bag.
Carefully squeeze the bag until ingredients are well
combined. Add chicken, remove as much air as possible from
the bag, and seal. Gently move chicken around in the bag
until coated with marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator a
minimum of 2 hours or up to 4 hours. Meanwhile, make
cilantro cream. Combine sour cream, cilantro, mayonnaise,
lime juice, salt, and red pepper flakes in the bowl of a
blender or small food processor. Purée until sauce is well
blended and flecked with cilantro bits. Refrigerate,
covered, until ready to use. Preheat an outdoor grill for
medium-high heat (375 to 400 degrees F (190 to 200 degrees
C)). Using tongs, lightly oil the grates with an oil-
saturated paper towel. Place marinated chicken directly over
the heat and grill until chicken is no longer pink at the
center and juices run clear, 3 to 5 minutes per side,
depending on thickness. An instant-read thermometer inserted
near the center should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove to a serving platter and top each chicken breast with
a cheese slice; allow to melt from the heat of the chicken.
To serve, ladle about 1/2 cup cilantro cream sauce on each
plate. Add chicken; garnish with avocado, tomato, cilantro
sprigs, and lime slices.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chicken-laredo-with-cilantro-cream-recipe-8644882 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Laredo with Cilantro Cream
