Chicken Pot Pie Pasta Bake


Ingredients
1 whole roasted chicken
1 bay leaf
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 yellow onion
3 carrots
3 ribs celery
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
6 cups chicken broth
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon paste
1 cup green peas
1/3 cup cream
1 pound pasta shells
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 cup butter

Cooking Instructions

Pull meat from chicken and refrigerate until needed. Add 2
quarts of water to a pot and transfer in chicken bones,
skin, and any meat scraps. Add bay leaf and bring to a
simmer on high heat. Reduce to low and simmer for 2 hours.
Remove to cool, about 1 hour. Strain broth and reserve in
refrigerator until needed. This may make more broth than the
6 cups needed. To make the pot pie mixture, add butter to a
pot and melt over medium-high heat. Add onions, carrots,
celery, and salt. Cook, stirring, until onions start to turn
translucent, about 5 minutes. Season with pepper, thyme,
garlic powder, and cayenne, and cook for 1 minute more. Add
flour and cook until flour toasts to a golden brown on the
bottom of the pot, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in 6 cups of broth,
and bring to a simmer on high heat, then reduce to medium.
Add peas and cream and cook, stirring, for 10 minutes. Cut
chicken meat into small bite-size pieces and add it in. Cook
5 minutes more. Turn off heat and reserve. Preheat the oven
to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Fill a large pot with
lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in
pasta and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring
occasionally, i minute less than specified in package
directions.. Drain very well; stir pasta into pot pie
mixture. Transfer everything into a large, deep baking dish
(about 4 1/2 quart size), and distribute evenly. Stir panko,
salt, and melted butter together in a bowl; sprinkle evenly
over casserole. Bake in the preheated oven until casserole
is bubbling around the edges and top is browned, 45 to 60
minutes. Let rest 10 to 15 minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chicken-pot-pie-pasta-bake-recipe-8696482 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Pot Pie Pasta Bake
