Chicken Adobo Tacos


Ingredients
1/3 cup soy sauce
1/3 cup white vinegar
3 bay leaves
1 teaspoon granulated garlic
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs
2 tablespoons white vinegar
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1/2 teaspoon avocado oil
2 teaspoons white sugar
1 pinch white pepper
1 mango
1 oma tomato
1/4 cup red onion
1/4 cup jalapeno pepper
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
2 tablespoons oil
1/2 cup onion
3 garlic cloves
1 1/2 cups water
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground black pepper,
8 (8 inch) flour tortillas
chopped cilantro

Cooking Instructions

Combine soy sauce, vinegar, bay leaves, and garlic in a
large plastic bag with a zipper. Gently squeeze to mix well.
Add chicken and coat with marinade. Squeeze out as much air
from the bag as possible, coat all the chicken pieces with
marinade, seal, and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine vinegar, fish sauce, avocado oil, sugar,
and black pepper in a bowl for the salsa. Stir with a whisk
or fork until sugar is dissolved. Add mango, tomato, red
onion, jalapeño, and chopped cilantro to the bowl. Toss to
combine, and refrigerate salsa until ready to serve. For
tacos, remove chicken pieces from the marinade and reserve
the marinade. Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over
medium-high heat. Carefully add the chicken thighs, and
brown on each side, 1 to 2 minutes, then remove chicken to a
plate. To the same skillet, add onion, and cook for about 1
minute. Stir in minced garlic and cook until fragrant, about
30 seconds. Add reserved marinade, water, brown sugar, and
black pepper, and bring to a boil. Return chicken to the
skillet, smooth side down. Reduce heat to low, and simmer
chicken uncovered, about 15 minutes. The liquid should
bubble gently. Turn chicken and simmer 10 minutes more.
Remove chicken from skillet to rest. Cook sauce over medium
heat until syrupy, thick, and reduced, about 10 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat. Remove bay leaves and discard.
Slice chicken into 1/2-inch slices and return to the skillet
to coat in the sauce. Garnish with fresh cilantro and
chopped green onions, if desired. Fill each tortilla with
chicken strips and top with mango salsa. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chicken-adobo-tacos-recipe-8736734 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Adobo Tacos
