Chilaquiles Rojos


Ingredients
1 (28 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, drained
2 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, or more to taste
1 ½ tablespoons vegetable oil
1 large white onion, thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 ½ cups chicken broth
1 dash roasted ground cumin
1 dash dried oregano
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (16 ounce) package tortilla chips
1 (8 ounce) package shredded Mexican cheese blend
5 ounces crumbled cotija cheese
1 whole cooked chicken, deboned and shredded
⅔ cup chopped green onions, divided
1 cup chopped cilantro, divided
1 (8 ounce) carton sour cream, divided

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a
10x15-inch casserole dish. Combine drained tomatoes and
chipotle chiles in adobo in a blender; puree until smooth.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion;
cook and stir until onion has softened, about 5 to 7
minutes. Stir in garlic until fragrant; add pureed tomato-
chile sauce and simmer until mixture starts to thicken. Pour
in chicken broth and stir in cumin, oregano, and salt; let
simmer until mixture thickens. Remove from heat. Mix
tortilla chips and tomato-chile sauce, folding carefully to
cover chips completely. You may have to do this in 2
batches. Cover the bottom of the casserole dish with half of
the tortilla chip mixture. Sprinkle a layer of Mexican
cheese and cotija cheese on top. Add shredded chicken to
cover all of the cheese. Season chicken with salt and
pepper, then sprinkle with 1/2 of the green onions and 1/2
of the cilantro. Spoon 3/4 of the sour cream evenly over
top. Spread with the remaining tortilla mixture then top
with remaining Mexican and cotija cheeses. Cover with
aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until mixture is
bubbly and cheese is melted, 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from
the oven and let sit for 5 minutes. Serve with sour cream,
green onions, and cilantro.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279677/annes-chicken-chilaquiles-rojas/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chilaquiles Rojos
