Chili Dog Mac and Cheese


Ingredients
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound ground beef
1 large onion, diced
2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more to taste
3 tablespoons chili powder
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican oregano
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup green peppers
1 pound hot dogs, sliced
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes (or 3 1/2 cups tomato sauce or puree)
2 1/2 cups water
2 cups elbow macaroni
8 ounces white Cheddar cheese
8 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese
green onions, sliced, for the top (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Add olive oil to a large pot and place over high heat. Add
beef; cook and stir, breaking up with a spoon or spatula,
about 2 minutes. Add onions and salt, and cook, stirring,
until beef is crumbly, and onions turn translucent, about 5
minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, paprika, black pepper,
cinnamon, cayenne, dried oregano, and garlic. Cook,
stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add peppers, sliced hot dogs,
crushed tomatoes, and water. Stir together; bring the
mixture to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer,
stirring occasionally, until cooked to your taste, at least
30 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning. Once chili is nearly
ready, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring
to a rolling boil. Stir in macaroni and return to a boil.
Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, 1 minute less
than specified in package directions, until not quite
tender, and still firm to the bite, about 8 to 11 minutes.
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees
C). Turn off heat under chili, drain macaroni, and add to
the pot of chili. Stir until combined, and transfer mixture
into a large, deep (15x10-inch) baking dish. Mix Cheddar and
Monterey Jack cheeses together in a bowl, and transfer about
60% of cheese to top of chili mixture. Use a spoon to
thoroughly mix cheese into the casserole. Apply remaining
cheese evenly over the top, and lightly poke down into the
surface with the tip of a spoon. Bake in the preheated oven
until bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before
serving, topped with green onions.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chili-dog-mac-and-cheese-recipe-8348272 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chili Dog Mac and Cheese
