Chocolate Cherry Cheesecake


Ingredients
24 whole chocolate sandwich cookies (such as OREO)
4 tablespoons butter
2 pinches salt
4 ounce) packages cream cheese
3 large eggs
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup heavy cream
1 ( 21 ounce cherry pie filling
1 cup chocolate chips

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place
whole sandwich cookies In a food processor or high speed
blender; pulse several times, until crumbs are quite small.
Combine crumbs, melted butter, and 1 pinch salt. Stir until
well blended, breaking up any missed large cookie pieces.
Press crumb mixture on the bottom and about 1 inch up the
sides of a 10-inch springform pan. Beat cream cheese in a
bowl with an electric mixer and beat on medium speed until
smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in 1 egg at a time, making sure
each egg is well incorporated before adding the next. Scrape
down sides of the bowl as needed. Add almond extract and
sugar to cream cheese mixture; beat until smooth, about 1
minute. Add 1/2 cup heavy cream, blending well. Carefully
pour about half the batter into the prepared pan. Spoon 1
cup pie filling over the batter in the pan, distributing
evenly. Spoon remaining batter in a smooth layer on top of
pie filling. Place filled springform on a cookie sheet. Bake
in the center of the preheated oven until the center of the
cheesecake is set, about 1 hour and 5 minutes. Cool in the
pan on a wire rack, about 1 hour. For glaze, heat remaining
1/2 cup heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat
until it begins to steam. Remove from heat; add chocolate
chips and pinch salt. Stir until chocolate is completely
melted and smooth. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Place cheesecake on the lined cookie sheet and release the
side of the springform pan. Pour chocolate glaze on top of
the cooled cheesecake, allowing some of the glaze to drizzle
down the side. Refrigerate until completely chilled, at
least 3 hours or overnight. To serve, slice into 16 slices.
Top each slice with a bit of remaining pie filling.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chocolate-cherry-cheesecake-recipe-8643513 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chocolate Cherry Cheesecake
