Chocolate Chip Cookie Millionaire Bars


Ingredients
baking spray with flour
2 (16 1/2-ounce) packages refrigerated break-and-bake chocolate chip cookie dough
2 (14-ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup light corn syrup
1 teaspoon table salt
10 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 (4-ounce) bars semisweet chocolate
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180
degrees C). Spray a 13- x 9-inch baking pan with baking
spray; line bottom and sides with parchment paper, leaving a
1- to 2-inch overhang on long sides. Break apart dough
squares along perforations and evenly scatter in bottom of
the prepared pan. Let stand at room temperature until
softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Using a sheet of plastic wrap
placed directly on surface, press dough into an even layer
in the bottom of the pan. Remove and discard plastic wrap.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and a wooden
pick inserted in center comes out clean or with just some
moist crumbs, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire
rack while making filling. Add condensed milk, brown sugar,
corn syrup, salt, and 1 cup of the butter to a large
saucepan; cook over medium, whisking constantly, until
butter is melted and mixture starts to bubble, about 10
minutes. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, over medium
until mixture is a caramel color, thickened, and registers
235°F on a candy or instant-read thermometer, about 10
minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla until
combined. Working quickly, pour caramel over cookie layer,
spreading into an even layer with a small offset spatula.
Chill in refrigerator, uncovered, until set, about 1 hour.
Add chocolate, cream, and remaining 2 tablespoons butter to
a medium, heatproof bowl; place bowl over a saucepan filled
with 1 inch of simmering water, making sure bottom of bowl
does not touch water. Cook, stirring constantly, until
chocolate mixture is melted and smooth, 2 to 3 minutes.
Working quickly, pour and spread chocolate mixture evenly
over caramel layer. Chill in refrigerator, uncovered, until
set, about 1 hour. Using parchment paper as handles, remove
from pan and place on a cutting board. Using a warm, dry,
sharp knife, cut into bars; wipe knife clean with a damp
paper towel between cuts, if desired. Serve immediately or
store in an airtight container at room temperature for 3 to
5 days.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chocolate-chip-cookie-millionaire-bars-recipe-8764992 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chocolate Chip Cookie Millionaire Bars
