Chocolate Funfetti Cake


Ingredients
2 cups cake flour
1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tablespoon espresso powder (optional)
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 cups brown sugar
3 large eggs, at room temperature
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 cup sour cream
3/4 cup 2% milk
3/4 cup sprinkles
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
12 ounces cream cheese
4 1/2 cups confectioner's sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon almond extract
2 tablespoons heavy cream, chilled
1/3 cup sprinkles

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray 3
8-inch round cake pans with a baking spray containing flour,
and line the bottoms of the pans with parchment paper. For
cake, sift together flour, cocoa powder, espresso powder,
baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. In a large
bowl, beat together butter, vegetable oil, and brown sugar
on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes.
Add in eggs 1 at a time; beating well after each addition.
Mix in vanilla. Add in half of the dry ingredients and mix
until just combined. Add in sour cream and milk, and mix
until just combined. Add in remaining dry ingredients and
mix until just combined. Fold in sprinkles. Divide batter
evenly between pans. Gently tap pans on the counter a few
times to remove larger air bubbles. Bake in the preheated
oven until tops of the cakes spring back lightly when
touched, 30 to 35 minutes. Err on the side of slightly
underbaking rather than overbaking. Allow cakes to cool in
pans for 30 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool
completely. For frosting, beat butter in a large bowl until
smooth. Add in cream cheese and beat until smooth. Add in 1
cup of powdered sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon
salt, and almond extract and mix until smooth. Add in
remaining powdered sugar 1 cup at a time, mixing well after
each addition. Add in chilled heavy cream and beat until
frosting is light and fluffy, about 3 minutes on medium-high
speed. Fold in sprinkles. To assemble cake, place one cooled
cake layer onto a serving platter. Top with a thin layer of
the frosting. Continue layering and frosting remaining cake
layers. Use remaining frosting to frost the top and outside
of cake. Place cake into the fridge to chill for 30 minutes
before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/chocolate-funfetti-cake-recipe-8671609 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chocolate Funfetti Cake
