Christmas Cheesecake Bars


Ingredients
3/4 cup unsalted butter
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup white sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/3 cup sprinkles
2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 pinch ground nutmeg
2/3 cup heavy cream,
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 large eggs,

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a
9x9-inch square pan with enough parchment paper to have
overhang on all sides. For the crust, combine butter, brown
sugar, white sugar, salt, nutmeg, vanilla, and almond
extract in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer
until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add in 1 cup of
flour and mix until just combined. Add in remaining 1 cup
flour and beat until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour
in sprinkles and use your hands to mix the dough until it
comes together in large clumps. Measure out about 1 1/2 cups
of the crumb mixture and place into the prepared pan; press
firmly and evenly into the bottom of the pan. Reserve
remaining crumbs for topping. Bake in the preheated oven
until edges of crust begin to turn golden, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove from the oven and allow crust to cool for 5 minutes.
Keep the oven on. While crust bakes, make the filling;
combine cream cheese, sugar, flour, vanilla, salt, and
nutmeg in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer until
smooth and well combined. Add in heavy cream and lemon juice
and mix until smooth and combined. Add in eggs and mix on
low speed until just combined. Once crust has cooled for 5
minutes, pour filling over the crust and spread into an even
layer. Sprinkle reserved crumbs over the top of the filling,
breaking up any very large clumps of dough as needed. Return
pan to the oven and bake until edges of bars are slightly
puffed and set; with just a slight jiggle in the center, 30
to 35 minutes. Allow bars to cool to room temperature, then
refrigerate until chilled; at least 4 hours. Cut into 16
bars.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/christmas-cheesecake-bars-recipe-8762231 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Christmas Cheesecake Bars
