Classic Spicy Southern Fried Chicken


Ingredients
1 whole chicken
2 cups buttermilk
3 large eggs
7 dashes hot sauce
2 tablespoons kosher salt
2 tablespoons ground black pepper, divided
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 quart vegetable oil

Cooking Instructions

Combine chicken, buttermilk, eggs, hot sauce, 1 tablespoon
salt, and 1 tablespoon black pepper in a large bowl. Stir
until coated. Cover and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes
or up to overnight, Combine flour, remaining 1 teaspoons
salt, remaining 1 tablespoon black pepper, onion powder,
garlic powder, paprika, oregano, and cayenne in a large
bowl; whisk until well combined. Set a wire rack over a
rimmed baking sheet. Remove chicken from the refrigerator.
Working with one piece at a time, remove from the marinade
and allow excess to drip off into flour dredge. Drop chicken
into flour dredge. Coat evenly in the flour mixture,
pressing dredge onto chicken. Set pieces on the prepared
wire rack. When all pieces are coated, dredge and press each
piece a second time; return chicken to the wire rack. Pour
oil into a large Dutch oven to a depth of 1 inch. Heat over
medium-high heat until it reaches 350 degrees F (175 degrees
C). Place a clean wire rack over a paper towel-lined baking
sheet. Add a few chicken pieces to the hot oil and cook,
turning once or twice, until golden brown on the outside, no
longer pink at the bone, and the juices run clear, 10 to 15
minutes. An instant read thermometer inserted near the bone
should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Maintain the oil
temperature around 320 degrees F (160 degrees C) during
cooking. Remove chicken to the prepared clean wire rack.
Return oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and repeat to
fry remaining chicken. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/classic-spicy-southern-fried-chicken-recipe-8707359 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Classic Spicy Southern Fried Chicken
