Copycat Texas Roadhouse Rolls


Ingredients
1 cup whole milk
1/4 cup granulated sugar
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/4 oz. dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 large egg yolk
2 large eggs
3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
cooking spray
1 tablespoon water
cinnamon Honey Butter

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Heat milk in a small saucepan over
medium heat, stirring occasionally, until just bubbling
around the edges, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and pour
into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook
attachment. Stir in sugar and 4 tablespoons butter; let
cool, stirring occasionally, until mixture is between 110
degrees F and 120 degrees F (43 degrees C and 48 degrees C)
about 10 minutes. Stir in yeast; let stand until mixture is
foamy, about 10 minutes. Add salt, egg yolk, 1 egg, and 1/2
of the flour; beat on low speed until combined, about 1
minute. Still on low speed, carefully add remaining flour,
1/2 cup at a time, and beat until dough just comes together,
about 1 minute. Dough will be very sticky and wet. Increase
speed to medium, and beat until dough pulls away from sides
of bowl and dough is smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes.
Coat a large bowl with cooking spray; transfer dough to
prepared bowl. Cover loosely and let rise in a warm place
until about doubled in size, about 1 hour. With a clean
hand, punch down dough and turn dough out onto a lightly
floured work surface. Press or roll dough out into a
rectangle about 1/2 inch thick. Trim edges with a sharp
knife to create a perfect 16- x 8-inch rectangle. Starting
at one long end, fold dough in half to form a 16- x 4-inch
rectangle; pinch to close dough halves together. Use a sharp
knife or pizza cutter, cut dough into 16 (2-inch) squares.
Place dough squares onto a parchment paper-lined baking
sheet about 1/2-inch apart. Cover loosely with plastic wrap;
set aside at room temperature until about doubled in size, 1
hour. (It’s okay if the baking sheet looks a little
crowded.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Whisk together remaining egg and water until combined. Brush
tops of rolls with egg wash. Bake in preheated oven until
golden brown, 12 to 16 minutes. Microwave remaining 2
tablespoons butter on HIGH until melted, about 30 seconds.
Immediately brush rolls with melted butter. Serve warm with
Cinnamon Honey Butter.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/copycat-texas-roadhouse-rolls-recipe-8620655 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Copycat Texas Roadhouse Rolls
