Copycat Panda Express Orange Chicken


Ingredients
2 cups flour
1/2 cup cornstarch
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
1 large egg
1 cup water
2 tablespoons peanut or canola oil
2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 cups peanut oil, or as needed, for frying
1 tablespoon sesame oil, divided
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper
2 teaspoons ginger
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup orange juice
1/4 cup white vinegar
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons cornstarch
3 cups cooked rice, or as needed
green onions for garnish
sesame seeds for garnish (optional)
1 teaspoon orange zest

Cooking Instructions

Whisk together flour, cornstarch, salt, and white pepper in
a large bowl. Add egg, water, and 1 1/2 tablespoons oil and
stir to combine (mixture will be like a sticky batter). Add
chicken pieces to batter and toss well to coat. Let chicken
stand in refrigerator while oil heats. Pour oil into a deep
saucepan filled about 2 inches deep. Heat oil to 375 degrees
C (190 degrees F). Meanwhile, for the sauce heat remaining
oil and 2 teaspoons sesame oil in a large skillet over
medium-high heat. Add crushed red pepper, ginger, and garlic
and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30
seconds. Stir in brown sugar, orange juice, vinegar, and soy
sauce and bring mixture to a boil, stirring often. Combine 3
tablespoons cold water with cornstarch in a small bowl and
stir until cornstarch is dissolved. Pour mixture into
saucepan and stir to combine. Bring mixture to a boil and
reduce to simmer, stirring constantly until sauce thickens.
Turn heat off and keep warm while chicken is cooking.
Working in batches, add coated chicken pieces carefully to
the hot oil. Oil temperature will reduce when food is added.
Cook chicken at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), stirring
occasionally, until golden brown and crispy, 5 to 6 minutes.
Remove chicken with a slotted spoon and drain on a wire rack
set over paper towels. Bring oil temperature back up to 365
to 375 degrees F (185 to 190 degrees C) and repeat process
with remaining chicken. Return sauce mixture to medium heat,
add more water if necessary if sauce thickens too much. Once
hot, add in cooked chicken pieces and toss well to coat.
Stir in remaining sesame oil and orange zest and serve over
hot cooked rice. Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds
if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/copycat-panda-express-orange-chicken-recipe-8687732 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Copycat Panda Express Orange Chicken
