Copycat Cheesecake Factory Brown Bread


Ingredients
1 1/2 cups water
1 tablespoon honey
1 package dry yeast
3 1/4 cups bread flour,
1 2/3 cups whole wheat flour
2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
3 tablespoons butter, softened
1/4 cup honey
2 tablespoons molasses
1/4 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup regular rolled oats

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Whisk together warm water and 1
tablespoon honey in a bowl until combined. Sprinkle yeast
over top and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Whisk
together 2 ½ cups bread flour, whole wheat flour, cocoa
powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the yeast mixture,
butter, 1/4 cup honey, and molasses. Mix with a wooden spoon
until combined. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured
surface. Knead 5 to 8 minutes until dough is smooth, and
slightly tacky, adding 2 tablespoons of bread flour at a
time to help work the dough. Form dough into a large ball
and place in a greased bowl. Cover bowl and let rise in a
warm place until doubled in size, about 1 1/2 hours. Punch
dough down and turn out onto a lightly floured surface.
Divide the dough into 4 equal sized pieces, and shape into
small loaves, roughly 6 inches long and 2 inches wide. Line
a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Pour cornmeal
onto a plate and dip the bottoms of the loaves in the
cornmeal to lightly coat. Arrange loaves on prepared baking
sheet, leaving ample space in between. Lightly moisten tops
of loaves with a little water; sprinkle tops with oats.
Cover loaves loosely with greased plastic wrap and let rise
in a warm place until nearly doubled in size, 45 to 60
minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175
degrees C). Remove plastic wrap from loaves and bake until
loaves are golden brown and a thermometer inserted in the
center of the loaves reads 190 degrees F (88 degrees C), 25
to 35 minutes. Transfer loaves to a wire rack to cool for at
least 30 minutes before slicing and serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/copycat-cheesecake-factory-brown-bread-recipe-8721666 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Copycat Cheesecake Factory Brown Bread
