Copycat Lofthouse Cookies


Ingredients
3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup unsalted butter
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 cup unsalted butter
1 (1 pound) box confectioner's sugar (4 cups)
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1 drops pink gel food coloring
2 tablespoons rainbow sprinkles

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with
parchment paper; set aside. For cookies, whisk flour,
cornstarch, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a bowl
until no lumps remain; set aside. Beat butter and sugar with
an electric mixer in a large bowl on medium-high speed until
light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes, stopping to scrape down
sides of bowl as needed. Add eggs, sour cream, and vanilla,
and beat on medium-low speed until just combined, about 1
minute. The mixture will look curdled. Reduce speed to low
and gradually add flour mixture, until fully incorporated,
about 2 minutes, stopping to scrape down sides as needed.
Cover and chill dough until firm and no longer sticky to the
touch, at least 1 1/2 hours or up to 3 days. Scoop dough
with a 1 1/3 ounce scoop (#24, about 2 1/2 tablespoons) and
place on the prepared baking sheets, spacing about 2 inches
apart, 12 per baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, one
baking sheet at a time, until bottoms are golden brown and
center is set, 14 to 16 minutes, rotating baking sheets
front to back halfway through. Using the back side of a
spatula, lightly press tops down to create a flat surface.
Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool to room temperature,
about 30 minutes. For frosting, beat butter in a bowl with
an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy,
about 2 minutes, stopping to scrape down sides of bowl as
needed. Reduce mixer speed to lowest setting, and gradually
add powdered sugar to butter, beating until just combined
after each addition and stopping to scrape down sides of
bowl as needed. Add vanilla, salt, and food coloring, and
beat on medium speed until smooth and fluffy, and food
coloring is evenly combined, about 1 minute. Scoop about 1
1/2 tablespoons frosting onto each cooled cookie, and spread
over cookie, leaving a 1/4-inch border around the edges.
Immediately sprinkle with sprinkles.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/copycat-lofthouse-cookies-recipe-8745463 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Copycat Lofthouse Cookies
