Cowboy Mashed Potato Casserole


Ingredients
cooking spray
6 strips bacon
2 pounds baking potatoes
1 (5 ounce) can evaporated milk
2 tablespoons butter
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pound ground beef
1 cup onion
1 green bell pepper
1 cup corn
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1/4 cup barbecue sauce
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1/2 cup Cheddar or pepper Jack cheese
1/4 cup French fried onions
2 tablespoons fresh parsley

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F
(190 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart baking dish with cooking
spray. Place baking dish on a baking sheet. Cook bacon in a
large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until
crisp, about 10 minutes. Place bacon on a paper towel to
drain. Drain all but 1 tablespoon of bacon fat in the
skillet. Chop bacon when cool enough to handle. Meanwhile,
bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes
and return to a boil. Cook, covered, until potatoes are fork
tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain potatoes. Return potatoes
back to the pot along with evaporated milk, butter, 1/2
teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Mash potatoes with a
potato masher until smooth. Stir 1/4 cup chopped bacon into
mashed potatoes. Add ground beef, onion, and bell pepper to
the skillet with reserved bacon fat. Cook over medium heat
until meat is browned and cooked through, stirring
occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Add corn kernels, garlic, and
paprika to the skillet. Cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in
barbecue sauce, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, remaining 1
teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Spread ground beef
mixture in prepared baking dish. Spread potatoes evenly over
beef. Sprinkle with cheese, remaining bacon, and French
fried onions. Bake until meat mixture is bubbly and cheese
is melted, 20 to 25 minutes. Garnish with parsley before
serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/cowboy-mashed-potato-casserole-recipe-8760165 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cowboy Mashed Potato Casserole
