Creamy Garlic Parmesan Chicken


Ingredients
2 pounds chicken breast tenders
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
½ cup all-purpose flour
2 large eggs, beaten
1 ½ cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup Italian-seasoned panko bread crumbs
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
parchment paper
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, or more as needed
2 tablespoons olive oil, or more as needed
3 cloves garlic, minced
½ cup dry white wine
1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning
½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
2 cups heavy cream
chopped fresh parsley for garnish (Optional)

Cooking Instructions

Pat chicken tenders dry with paper towels and season lightly
with salt and pepper. Place flour on a shallow plate. Place
beaten eggs into a shallow bowl. Combine grated Parmesan
cheese, Italian-seasoned panko crumbs, and 1 teaspoon smoked
paprika, and place on a second shallow plate. Cover a dinner
plate or platter with parchment paper. Dip each lightly
seasoned chicken breast tender in flour, shaking off the
excess. Next, dip in beaten egg, and hold the tender over
the eggs to allow excess to drip back into the bowl. Place
each tender on the panko mixture. With dry fingers, scoop
panko mix over the tender, patting the crumbs in. Place on
the parchment-covered plate. Repeat with remaining chicken
tenders, until all tenders are breaded with flour, egg, and
panko mix. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive
oil in a large skillet over medium heat until butter is
bubbling. Add tenders, 1 at a time, being careful not to
crowd the skillet. You may need to cook chicken in 2
batches. Cook until breading is browned and chicken is no
longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 3 to 4
minutes per side, being careful not to burn the breading.
Turn tenders when the crust is nicely browned and continue
cooking until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the
center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Adjust heat down a notch or two, if the crust is getting too
brown, and add a bit more oil or butter, if the skillet
looks dry. Remove cooked chicken to a cooling rack. Add
garlic to the skillet, and stir until garlic is fragrant, 30
to 45 seconds. Deglaze skillet with white wine, stirring up
all the browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Season
Italian herb seasoning blend and red pepper flakes. Stir in
cream and heat over medium high. Bring sauce to a boil,
stirring frequently, and adjust flavor with salt and pepper,
if needed. Allow sauce to bubble until desired consistency
is achieved, 3 to 4 minutes. Return cooked chicken tenders
to the skillet and warm in the sauce, about 1 minute.
Garnish with fresh parsley.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/creamy-garlic-parmesan-chicken-recipe-8645638 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Creamy Garlic Parmesan Chicken
