Crescent Breakfast Squares


Ingredients
2 12x16-inch parchment paper sheets
2 (12 ounce) packages crescent roll dough (such as Pillsbury® Grands!™)
8 slices deli ham
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, or more to taste
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
½ cup diced onion
½ cup diced red bell pepper
10 large eggs
1 tablespoon half-and-half cream or heavy whipping cream
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
8 slices Swiss cheese
1 tablespoon bagel seasoning (such as Trader Joe's® Everything But the Bagel Seasoning Blend)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spread each
sheet of parchment on a work surface. Unroll crescent dough,
and place the contents of one can on each sheet. Roll dough
into two 10x15-inch rectangles, making sure the perforations
are sealed, one rectangle per parchment. Slide one dough
rectangle with its parchment paper onto a 13x18-inch sheet
pan; reserve the second rectangle for later use. Working
with the first piece of dough, spread ham slices over the
dough, leaving about 1/2-inch on all sides. Spread Dijon
mustard in a thin layer over the ham slices. Melt 1
tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat; cook
and stir onions and bell peppers until slightly softened,
about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium low; add 1 tablespoon
butter to skillet with vegetables until melted. Whisk eggs,
half-and-half or cream, salt, and pepper together in a large
bowl until well blended. Pour egg mixture into the skillet
with vegetables. Cook, using a spatula to lift and move,
until eggs are just set and still wet looking. Spoon lightly
cooked egg mixture in an even layer over the ham slices,
maintaining the 1/2-inch dough border all around. Place
sliced Swiss cheese in a single layer over the eggs. Place
the second dough rectangle over all, using the parchment to
help you align it. Carefully peel off the parchment. Moisten
fingertips and press the edges of the two dough rectangles
together, then use a fork to crimp. Melt remaining 1
tablespoon butter; brush over the top of the dough with a
pastry brush. Sprinkle bagel seasoning over all. Bake in the
preheated oven until nicely browned, 20 to 25 minutes.
Remove to cool on a wire rack for about 15 minutes. Slice
into serving pieces with a sharp knife.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8532966/crescent-breakfast-squares/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crescent Breakfast Squares
