Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches


Ingredients
3 (8 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
⅔ cup buttermilk
1 tablespoon Buffalo sauce
1 ½ teaspoons garlic powder
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
¼ cup canola oil, or as needed
6 hamburger buns
2 tablespoons Buffalo sauce, or to taste
½ cup sliced pickles
6 slices tomato
6 leaves lettuce, or more to taste
3 tablespoons ranch dressing, or more to taste

Cooking Instructions

Slice each chicken breast horizontally into 2 thin fillets.
Place 6 fillets in a resealable zip-top bag with buttermilk,
1 tablespoon Buffalo sauce, and garlic powder. Seal the bag
and shake to blend ingredients and evenly coat the chicken.
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat the
oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine flour,
poultry seasoning, and pepper in a shallow dish or pie
plate. Blend with a fork or whisk. Remove chicken from the
marinade and shake off excess. Dip chicken in the breading
mixture until well and evenly coated on both sides. Discard
the remaining marinade. Add enough oil to a large skillet so
that it thickly coats the bottom and heat over medium-high
heat until sizzling but not smoking. Place 2 chicken fillets
in the skillet so they fit comfortably; do not overcrowd.
Fry until crispy and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Drain chicken on paper towels and repeat twice, adding more
oil as necessary, to fry remaining chicken. Transfer chicken
to a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken
is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 8
to 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the
center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove chicken from oven. Place a chicken fillet on the
bottom half of a bun. Add Buffalo sauce to taste. Top with
pickle slices, tomato, and lettuce. Spread ranch dressing on
the inside of the top bun and place over the sandwich.
Repeat to make remaining sandwiches.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/crispy-buffalo-chicken-sandwiches-recipe-8646052 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches
