Croissant Breakfast Pie


Ingredients
1/2 package refrigerated pie crusts
3 thick-cut bacon slices
3 large eggs
3/4 cup half and half
1 teaspoon dry mustard
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 (8 ounce) can refrigerated crescent rolls
1 cup smoked Gouda cheese
thinly sliced fresh chives

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F
(200 degrees C) with racks in the middle and lowest
positions. Unfurl pie crust, and using a paring knife, trace
the bottom of a (10-inch) cast-iron skillet; discard
trimmings. Fit trimmed pie crust into the bottom of the
skillet and dock all over with a fork. Bake in the preheated
oven on lowest rack until just starting to brown, about 15
minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly, about 5
minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (180
degrees C). Meanwhile, place bacon in a large skillet over
medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and
crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer bacon to a paper towel-
lined plate. While crust cools, whisk together eggs, milk,
dry mustard, pepper, garlic powder, and salt in a bowl until
thoroughly combined. Set aside. Roll up 8 crescent rolls as
per package instructions. Arrange rolls around the outer
edge of the pie crust along the side of the skillet.
Sprinkle bottom crust with 1/2 cup cheese and top with 1/2
of the cooked bacon. Pour egg mixture evenly over top,
making sure not to get on top of the crescent rolls (some
egg mixture will flow behind the croissants; that is okay,
it will bake into the center). Sprinkle egg mixture with 6
tablespoons of cheese. Bake at 350 degrees F (180 degrees F)
on the middle rack until crescent rolls are golden brown and
egg is just beginning to set, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle
evenly with remaining 2 tablespoons bacon and cheese, and
loosely tent with aluminum foil. Return to the oven on the
middle rack, and continue baking until sides are golden and
center jiggles just slightly, about 20 minutes. Remove from
the oven and let sit for 10 minutes. Carefully transfer pie
to a cutting board (or, alternatively, serve in the skillet)
and slice into 8 servings. Sprinkle with chives.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/croissant-breakfast-pie-recipe-8758451 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Croissant Breakfast Pie
