Croque Monsieur Casserole


Ingredients
12 sourdough English muffins
10 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
8 large eggs
1 1/4 cups half-and-half
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
3/4 teaspoon pepper
1/2 pound sliced ham
3 cups Swiss or Gruyere cheese
2 cups milk
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon nutmeg
3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly
grease a baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter. Place
English muffin cubes in a large bowl and top with melted
butter and Dijon mustard. Toss until well coated and place
spread out in an even layer on a baking sheet. Bake until
lightly browned and lightly toasted, 12 to 14 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk together eggs, half-and-half, 1 teaspoon
salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a bowl until well combined
and set aside. Place half of bread cubes in the prepared
baking dish. Fold half of the ham slices and tear into 1
1/2-inch pieces and disperse ham between bread cubes. Top
evenly with 2 cups of cheese. Top with remaining bread and
ham and 1 cup of cheese. Pour egg mixture over casserole and
press lightly to submerge most of the bread. Let stand at
room temperature for 30 minutes. Bake casserole until egg
mixture is absorbed, 45 to 50 minutes. Cover with foil
during the last 20 minutes of baking time if casserole is
browning too quickly. Meanwhile, melt remaining butter in a
saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook, stirring
constantly, about 1 minute. Whisk in milk until smooth.
Bring mixture to a boil and reduce heat to simmer, stirring
occasionally until thickened, about 3 minutes. Add in
remaining salt, pepper, and nutmeg and stir. Cook about 8
minutes on low, stirring occasionally, and remove from heat.
Remove casserole from oven and turn on the oven’s broiler.
Pour cream sauce over casserole and top with remaining
shredded cheese and Parmesan. Place casserole back in oven
and broil until bubbly and lightly browned, about 3 minutes.
Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle with chives and
serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/croque-monsieur-casserole-recipe-8714012 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Croque Monsieur Casserole
