Crunchwrap Casserole


Ingredients
1 lb. lean ground beef
1 cup onion
1 package aco seasoning
1/3 cup water
3 tablespoons butter, melted, divided
6 (10-inch) flour tortillas
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup chopped cilantro (optional)
3 medium tomatoes, seeded, diced, and drained on paper towels
8 oz. sour cream, plus more for serving
8 tostada shells
1 (15 oz.) can nacho cheese
1/2 cup shredded lettuce, or to taste
2 tablespoons 2
1 teaspoon 1

Cooking Instructions

Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F
(190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add ground beef and cook for 2 minutes, crumbling with a
wooden spoon and stirring constantly. Add onion and cook,
stirring often, until meat is browned and onion has
softened, about 5 minutes. Season with taco seasoning and
stir to coat the meat mixture. Pour in water and cook for 2
minutes, stirring constantly and scraping up any browned
bits from the bottom. Remove from heat and set aside. Brush
melted butter lightly to coat a 9x13 baking dish. Arrange 5
tortillas along the edges and bottom of the pan, allowing
any excess to hang over the sides and overlapping to
completely cover the pan. Spread shredded cheese over the
tortillas. Top evenly first with cilantro and then tomatoes.
Spoon sour cream into a plastic bag and and squeeze over the
tomatoes. Arrange tostada shells over the sour cream
overlapping them to make them fit. Spread nacho cheese sauce
over tostadas. Pour cooked beef mixture over cheese sauce
and spread into an even layer. Place remaining tortilla on
the center of the beef mixture. Wrap the over-hanging
tortillas around over the top tortilla. Brush casserole with
the remaining butter and press down any loose ends. Bake in
the preheated oven until golden brown and lightly toasted,
about 30 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes and then carefully
invert casserole onto a serving board or cutting board.
Using a large serrated knife, cut the casserole into desired
servings. Top with shredded lettuce, more sour cream or
guacamole, and hot sauce if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/crunchwrap-casserole-recipe-7563621 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crunchwrap Casserole
