Espresso Bundt Cake


Ingredients
3/4 cup water
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 1/2 tablespoons espresso powder
1 3/4 cups cake flour
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 cup unsalted butter
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 3/4 cups dark brown sugar
3 large eggs, at room temperature
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup sour cream, at room temperature
1 1/2 teaspoons espresso powder
2 tablespoons milk
2 ounces cream cheese
1 cup powdered sugar
1 pinch salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease
and flour a 10-cup Bundt pan. In a heat-safe bowl or
measuring cup, combine boiling water, cocoa powder, and
espresso powder. Whisk until smooth and combined. Allow
mixture to cool slightly while you prepare the rest of the
cake. Sift together cake flour, salt, baking soda, and
baking powder. Beat butter, oil, and brown sugar in a large
bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 3
minutes. Add in eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each
addition. Beat mixture for about 3 minutes on medium-high
speed after adding in last egg. Mix in 1 tablespoon vanilla.
Whisk cocoa powder-espresso mixture again to smooth it out,
then add to butter-sugar mixture. Beat on low speed until
thoroughly combined. Add in half the flour mixture and mix
until just combined. Add in sour cream and mix until just
combined. Add in remaining flour mixture and mix until just
combined. Pour batter evenly into the prepared pan. Tap pan
sharply on the counter a few times to pop any larger air
bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven until top of the cake
springs back lightly when touched, 45 to 50 minutes. Allow
cake to cool in pan for 30 minutes before inverting onto a
serving platter to cool completely. For icing, whisk
espresso powder and milk together in a small bowl until
espresso powder is dissolved. Beat in cream cheese, powdered
sugar, salt, and vanilla with an electric mixer on low speed
to combine, then turn mixer speed up to high; continue to
beat until mixture is smooth and no clumps of cream cheese
remain. If mixture is too thick, add milk, a little at a
time, until icing is the desired consistency. If mixture is
too thin, add more powdered sugar as needed. Drizzle icing
over cooled cake.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/espresso-bundt-cake-recipe-8643666 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Espresso Bundt Cake
