French Almond Rum Cake


Ingredients
3/4 cup unsalted butter
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 cups almond flour
4 large eggs
1/4 cup rum
2 teaspoons lemon zest
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 tablespoons rum
1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar
1 pinch salt
3 tablespoons heavy cream
1/4 cup sliced almonds

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Generously grease an 8-inch round cake pan with butter and
line the bottom with parchment; then butter the parchment.
For cake, beat butter, brown sugar, white sugar, salt, and
nutmeg together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until
light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add in almond flour, and
beat for 1 minute. Add in eggs 1 at a time, beating well
after each addition. After last egg has been incorporated,
turn mixer speed to medium-high and beat batter for 3
minutes. Add in 1/4 cup rum, lemon zest, vanilla, and almond
extract and mix until combined. Reduce mixer speed to low,
add in flour and baking powder and mix until just
incorporated. Pour batter into prepared pan and smooth into
an even layer. Bake in the preheated oven until cake is
browned and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out
clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the syrup. Place water and sugar in a
small saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring
occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and mixture is
simmering, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in
rum. Put pan back over medium-low heat and cook for an
additional 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Invert cake onto
a wire rack and remove parchment. Leave cake inverted and
brush warm syrup over warm cake until all syrup is absorbed.
Allow cake to cool completely, about 30 minutes. For icing,
whisk together lemon juice, powdered sugar, pinch of salt,
and heavy cream until smooth and combined. If necessary, add
extra lemon juice or heavy cream to thin icing to a
pourable, but not too thin, consistency. Place cooled cake
onto a serving platter. Pour icing evenly over the cake. Use
a spatula or offset knife to smooth over the top if
necessary. Sprinkle toasted sliced almonds over icing. Allow
icing to set for several minutes before cutting and serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/french-almond-rum-cake-recipe-8733619 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=French Almond Rum Cake
