Garlic Dinner Rolls


Ingredients
1 cup whole milk
1 tablespoon grated garlic,
1/4 cup granulated sugar
7 tablespoons unsalted butter,
(1/4 ounce) active dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 large egg yolk,
2 large eggs, at room temperature, divided
3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour,
cooking spray
1 tablespoon tap water
1 tablespoon parsley

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Combine milk and 1 teaspoon of the
garlic in a small saucepan and cook over medium, stirring
occasionally, until just bubbling around the edges, 4 to 5
minutes. Remove from heat and pour into the bowl of a stand
mixer fitted with a dough hook attachment. Stir in sugar and
4 tablespoons of the butter; let cool, stirring
occasionally, until mixture is between 110 degrees F and 120
degrees F (43 degrees C to 48 degrees C), 5 to 10 minutes.
Stir in yeast; let stand until mixture is foamy, about 10
minutes. Add salt, egg yolk, 1 egg, and 2 cups of the flour;
beat on low speed until combined, about 1 minute. With mixer
running on low speed, carefully add remaining 1 3/4 cups
flour, 1/2 cup at a time, and beat until dough just comes
together, about 1 minute. The dough will be very sticky.
Increase speed to medium, and beat until dough pulls away
from the sides of the bowl and is smooth and elastic, about
10 minutes. Coat a large bowl with cooking spray and
transfer dough to the prepared bowl; turn to coat. Cover
with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until about
doubled in size, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, heat the remaining
3 tablespoons butter and 2 teaspoons garlic in a small
saucepan over medium-low, stirring occasionally, until
butter is melted and garlic is fragrant, about 3 minutes.
Transfer 1 1/2 tablespoons of the butter-garlic mixture to a
small bowl; set aside. Reserve remaining butter-garlic
mixture in saucepan. Lightly coat a 9- x 13-inch baking pan
with cooking spray. With a clean hand, punch down dough and
turn out onto a lightly floured work surface. Using a sharp
knife or bench scraper, divide dough into 20 (1.4 ounces)
pieces. Gently form each dough piece into a ball, pinch to
close, and dip into butter-garlic mixture in saucepan to
coat all sides. Place in prepared baking dish, seam-side
down, arranging dough balls in 4 rows of 5. Cover with
plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until about
doubled in size and dough springs back slowly when poked, 30
to 45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175
degrees C.) Whisk together remaining 1 egg and water in a
small bowl until combined. Brush tops of rolls with egg
mixture. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, 18 to 20
minutes. Stir parsley into reserved butter-garlic mixture in
bowl. Immediately brush rolls with butter-garlic mixture.
Serve warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/garlic-dinner-rolls-recipe-8698270 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Garlic Dinner Rolls
