Gingerbread Cinnamon Rolls


Ingredients
½ cup warm whole milk (110 degrees F (43 degrees C))
1 (.25 ounce) envelope active dry yeast
¼ cup granulated sugar, divided
2 teaspoons kosher salt
4 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for work surface
½ cup sour cream
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
3 tablespoons unsulphured molasses
1 large egg, lightly beaten
cooking spray
½ cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1 tablespoon unsulphured molasses
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons ground ginger
½ teaspoon ground cloves
4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 ½ cups powdered sugar
½ teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon whole milk, or more as needed

Cooking Instructions

To make the dough: Combine warm milk, yeast, and 2
tablespoons of sugar in a small bowl; stir together until
combined. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add salt, 4
cups of the flour, and remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar to
the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.
Beat on low speed until just combined, about 15 seconds.
With mixer running on low speed, add milk mixture, sour
cream, butter, molasses, and egg. Continue beating until
dough forms, 1 to 2 minutes. Switch to a dough hook
attachment. Beat on medium-low speed until dough is smooth
and elastic, 6 to 9 minutes; add remaining 1/4 cup flour 1/2
to 1 teaspoon at a time, if necessary. If the dough is
sticking to your hands and not pulling away from the sides
of the bowl, add the extra flour. Place dough in a large
bowl greased with cooking spray and turn to coat. Cover with
a clean kitchen towel or plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm
draft-free place until dough has doubled in size, about 1
hour 30 minutes to 2 hours. Generously spray a 13x 9-inch
pan with cooking spray. Lightly punch down dough. On a
lightly floured surface, roll dough into an 18x10-inch
rectangle. To make the filling: Spread 1/2 cup butter evenly
over dough using a small offset spatula, leaving a 1/2-inch
border on one long side. Stir together brown sugar,
molasses, cinnamon, ginger, and cloves in a small bowl until
well combined. Sprinkle evenly over butter, gently pressing
down with a rolling pin to adhere mixture to butter.
Starting with one long side, roll dough into a log, pinching
seam to seal. Slice into 12 even rolls (about 1 ½-inches
each). Place rolls in the prepared pan, leaving about a
½-inch space between each roll. Cover, and let rise in a
warm draft-free place until doubled in size, 45 to 60
minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake in the preheated oven, uncovered, until golden brown,
25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack for 15
minutes. To make the glaze: Add cream cheese and 4
tablespoons butter to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with
the paddle attachment; beat on medium speed until smooth, 1
to 2 minutes. Add powdered sugar, vanilla, and milk. Beat on
medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. If desired, add
more milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, until desired consistency
is reached. Spread glaze evenly over warm rolls; serve
immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8496397/gingerbread-cinnamon-rolls/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Gingerbread Cinnamon Rolls
