Greek-Style Chicken Pops


Ingredients
2/3 cup plain Greek yogurt
1/2 cup olive oil
1 lemon, zested and juiced
2 tablespoons Greek seasoning
1 tablespoon garlic
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste
8 chicken legs
parsley

Cooking Instructions

Combine Greek yogurt, olive oil, lemon zest and juice, Greek
seasoning, and garlic in a large resealable bag. Season with
salt and pepper (see Note). Gently squeeze the ingredients
inside the bag to mix. For each chicken leg, hold the bony
tip with one hand and run a knife around the bone, just
below the meaty part, cutting all the way to the bone. Use
kitchen shears to sever the tendon, if necessary, and remove
any exposed tendon. With the knife, push the meat down
toward the meaty joint, being careful to avoid the slender
secondary bone. Cut away as much as possible of the
secondary bone. Again, push the meat down toward the meaty
joint, forming a little ball. Remove skin and cartilage from
the bony tip and remove any tissue with a knife or with
kitchen shears. Place chicken pops inside the bag with the
marinade. Seal the bag, with as little air inside the bag as
possible. Gently squeeze chicken pops and marinade until
pops are well coated. Marinate in the refrigerator for at
least 3 hours, or up to 12 hours. Preheat the oven to 400
degrees F (200 degrees C), and line a baking pan with foil.
Remove chicken pops from marinade. Reform the meaty ball,
and wrap bony ends with a small piece of foil (see Note).
Place on the prepared pan in a single layer. Bake in the
preheated oven for 25 minutes. Turn on the broiler, and set
a rack 6 inches from the heat source. Broil until brown, 3
to 5 minutes per side. An instant read thermometer, inserted
near the center, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Cool in the pan 2 to 3 minutes, then place on a serving
plate. Garnish with parsley sprigs, cherry tomatoes, and
Kalamata olives, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/greek-style-chicken-pops-recipe-8622037 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Greek-Style Chicken Pops
