Greek Beef Stuffed Onions (Salantourmasi)


Ingredients
4 large yellow onions
1/4 cup olive oil
1 pound ground beef
1 cup onion
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 pinch cayenne pepper
4 garlic cloves
1 teaspoon dried oregano
2 tablespoons tomato paste
3/4 cup long grain rice
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 1/2 cups chicken broth
1/3 cup feta
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1/4 cup fresh mint
1/4 cup fresh oregano,
4 cups onion cooking water
2 cups tomato sauce
2 tablespoons chicken bouillon paste

Cooking Instructions

Cut 1 inch from each end of onions. Stand onion on a flat
side, put the point of a sharp knife in the very center, and
make 1 cut, straight down from top of onion to bottom. Bring
a saucepan with 6 to 8 cups salted water to a simmer; add
onions and simmer until they soften enough that layers can
be easily separated, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove onions from
water with a slotted spoon; let cool. Do not discard onion
cooking water. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a skillet over
medium-high heat and add half the beef; cook and stir,
breaking up beef with a spatula until browned and crumbly,
about 5 minutes. Add 1 cup diced onions, black pepper, salt,
and cayenne, and cook, stirring, until onions turn
translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, dried oregano, and
tomato paste, and cook, stirring, for a few minutes. Add
rice and stir until evenly coated. Add vinegar and chicken
broth, lower heat to medium, and cook, stirring, until rice
has absorbed all the liquid, about 20 minutes. Remove from
heat, and let cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes.
Add remaining beef, feta, parsley, mint and oregano to a
bowl, along with cooled rice mixture. Mix thoroughly to
combine. Refrigerate until needed. For tomato broth, measure
4 cups onion cooking water into a saucepan; stir in tomato
sauce and chicken bouillon paste. Bring to a simmer over
high heat, reduce heat to low, and keep hot until needed.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Separate
onion sections and set aside the best 18 pieces, ideally
using the ones from the middle of the bulb that are long
enough to cover the filling. If desired, tear or chop extra
onion, and add to the bottom of a large baking dish. Add
about 2 rounded tablespoons of filling to each onion
section, and roll up to cover filling. Place stuffed onions
in the baking dish, and ladle tomato broth over the dish.
Cover with foil, and place on a sheet pan to catch drips.
Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Remove foil and
continue baking, uncovered, until onions are tender, and
filling is fully cooked, about 1 hour more. If the dish
appears too dry, you can place foil back on. Let rest 10
minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/greek-beef-stuffed-onions-salantourmasi-recipe-8699944 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Greek Beef Stuffed Onions (Salantourmasi)
