Green Bean Mac and Cheese


Ingredients
3 tablespoons salt
1 pound green beans
1 pound elbow macaroni
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
5 cups milk
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
1 pinch nutmeg
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 pound Cheddar cheese, freshly grated
1 cup French fried onions

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bring 3
quarts of generously salted water to a boil on high heat.
Add beans and cook until they just start to get tender, but
they are not soft, about 4 minutes. Remove with a hand
strainer to a bowl; set aside until cool enough to handle.
Cut into 1-inch pieces and reserve. Add elbow macaroni to
the boiling bean water, and cook 1 minute less than package
directions, about 8 minutes. Transfer into a colander, and
let drain for 1 minute, then transfer into a large bowl. For
best results, make cheese sauce while pasta is cooking: melt
butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour, and cook for a few
minutes to take raw flavor away from the flour. Add cold
milk all at once, and whisk to combine. Continue cooking,
stirring occasionally, until mixture comes to a simmer and
thickens (heat can be raised to medium-high to save time, if
you stir constantly). While sauce is thickening, stir in
salt, cayenne, thyme, pepper, nutmeg, Dijon mustard, and
Worcestershire sauce. Once mixture is thick, turn off heat
and stir in cheese until melted. Add green beans to hot,
drained macaroni, pour in cheese sauce, and mix to combine
evenly. Transfer into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Place on a
sheet pan to catch any drips. Scatter surface evenly with
fried onions, and press them lightly into the surface with
your fingertips. Bake in the preheated oven until mac and
cheese is hot, and the top is browned, about 30 minutes. Let
rest for 10 minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/green-bean-mac-and-cheese-recipe-8753390 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Green Bean Mac and Cheese
