Grilled Chicken and Peaches


Ingredients
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 1/2 teaspoons white sugar
1 teaspoon salt,
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
1/2 cup all fruit peach preserves
1/4 cup hoisin sauce
2 teaspoons ginger
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon riracha
1/2 lime, zested
1 tablespoon oil
4 large peaches, halved and pitted
1/2 lime
lime slices for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Pat chicken pieces dry with a paper towel, and coat all
sides with olive oil. Combine chili powder, garlic powder,
sugar, salt, and white pepper in a small bowl; mix well. Rub
spice mixture on chicken pieces, see note. Preheat an
outdoor grill to medium-high, and clean the grates.
Meanwhile, stir peach preserves, hoisin sauce, grated
ginger, garlic powder, Sriracha, and lime zest together in a
small saucepan over medium heat. Heat, stirring, until the
preserves are melted and ingredients are well blended, about
3 to 5 minutes. (You will use half of peach glaze during the
last minutes of cooking chicken, and reserve half until
ready to serve). When the grill is ready, saturate a paper
towel with cooking oil, and use tongs to oil the grates.
Grill chicken about 4 to 5 minutes per side, depending on
thickness, until the internal temperature reads about 155
degrees F (68 degrees C) with an instant read thermometer.
Brush chicken with peach glaze and grill 1 minute more, then
turn the chicken and brush glaze on the other side. Continue
grilling and turning until the chicken reaches 160 degrees F
(71 degrees C). Remove to a plate and cover with foil.
During rest, residual heat will raise the internal
temperature to 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Meanwhile,
grill peaches. Using tongs, place peach halves on the hot
grates, cut side down, and grill just until there are grill
marks, 1 to 2 minutes. To serve, place chicken and peach
halves on a serving plate and brush with reserved glaze.
Squeeze half a lime over the entire dish. Garnish with
additional lime slices, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/grilled-chicken-and-peaches-recipe-8682879 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Grilled Chicken and Peaches
