Grilled Bang Bang Chicken Salad


Ingredients
3/4 cup buttermilk
2 tablespoons riracha
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 1/2 tablespoons chili sauce
2 tablespoons riracha
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 (9 ounce) package broccoli slaw
1/2 cup carrots
1/2 cup snow peas
2 cups baby spinach
2 tablespoons sliced almonds
1 green onion

Cooking Instructions

For chicken, stir buttermilk, Sriracha, and salt together in
a large bowl until well blended. Add chicken pieces to the
bowl, turning to coat in marinade. Allow to stand at room
temperature while the grill heats. Preheat an outdoor grill
to medium heat, and clean the grates. When the grill is hot,
pour cooking oil on a folded paper towel, and use tongs to
oil the grates. Thread chicken onto metal skewers, then
place on the oiled grates, and grill each side until no
longer pink at the center and juices run clear, 4 to 5
minutes. Watch for flare-ups, and move chicken away from the
flame, if necessary. An instant-read thermometer inserted
near the center should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove chicken to a cutting board and tent with foil. For
dressing, combine sweet Thai chili sauce, Sriracha, soy
sauce, mayonnaise, onion powder, garlic powder, and sesame
oil in a pint jar. Cover jar with a tight-fitting lid and
shake until dressing is well blended. Set aside. For salad,
place broccoli slaw, matchstick carrots, chopped snow peas,
and grilled chicken pieces in a salad bowl. Drizzle dressing
over salad and toss. Line a serving plate with spinach
leaves, and pile slaw mixture on top. Place chicken pieces
around and on top of slaw mixture. Garnish with sliced
almonds and sliced green onion. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/grilled-bang-bang-chicken-salad-recipe-8674748 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Grilled Bang Bang Chicken Salad
