Grilled Chicken Meatballs


Ingredients
1 pound ground chicken
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon mirin
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 pinch ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/3 cup green onions
2 cloves garlic, crushed
2 tablespoons bread crumbs
1 tablespoon ketchup
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 teaspoons fresh ginger
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
4 skewers

Cooking Instructions

Add chicken, sesame oil, soy sauce, mirin, salt, pepper,
cayenne, green onions, garlic, and bread crumbs to a bowl,
and use a fork to gently but thoroughly mix everything
together. Wrap and chill in the refrigerator for about 30
minutes before shaping. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F
(200 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil, and
lightly grease the foil. Divide meatball mixture into 16
portions (about 2 rounded tablespoons each), and transfer
onto the prepared pan. Using damp hands, roll each portion
into a smooth meatball; and space out evenly on the baking
sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Meatballs
will be just cooked through, and an instant read thermometer
inserted near the center will read 145 to 150 degrees F (63
to 66 degrees C). Let cool; wrap and keep in the
refrigerator until needed. These can be made the day before.
Preheat an outdoor grill, preferably charcoal, for medium
heat, and lightly oil the grate. Stir ketchup, hoisin, fresh
ginger, and rice vinegar together in a small bowl, and set
aside. Place 4 meatballs on each skewer, and grill until
lightly charred and heated through, about 3 minutes per
side. Turn over, and brush with glaze. Turn back over, so
the brushed side is down, and let sear for about 30 seconds;
meanwhile, brush top with glaze. Turn over once more and let
sear for about 30 seconds; remove from the heat. Apply more
glaze after removing from the grill, as desired. Serve
immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/grilled-chicken-meatballs-recipe-8648398 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Grilled Chicken Meatballs
