Herby Ricotta Biscuits


Ingredients
2 1/4 cups flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 stick (8 tablespoons) very cold butter
3/4 cup full-fat ricotta cheese
1/2 cup water
1/4 up fresh herbs
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large
baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together flour,
baking powder, baking soda, and fine sea salt in a large
bowl. Coat whole stick of butter in flour mixture. Grate
butter on the large holes of a box grater into bowl. (If
butter starts to melt, coat butter in flour mixture again
and continue grating.) Use your fingers to toss butter in
flour mixture until all butter pieces are separated and
coated in flour. Mixture should resemble coarse crumbs.
Whisk together ricotta and water in a small bowl; add to
flour mixture. Gently fold to bring dough together. Dough
should be moistened but still crumbly. If dough is too dry,
add more cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until fully
moistened. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work
surface. Lightly knead three or four times until dough comes
together. Sprinkle with flour; pat to 3/4-inch thickness.
Cut dough into four equal portions. Stack portions, press
down, and pat again to form a 3/4-inch-thick rectangle.
Repeat process three times, adding flour as needed. Press a
2 1/2- to 3-inch biscuit cutter straight down into dough to
cut out biscuits. Gently knead scraps together, pat to
3/4-inch thickness, and repeat cutting. Arrange on prepared
baking sheet (biscuits should be barely touching). Bake in
the preheated oven until tops are crisp and golden brown, 15
to 16 minutes. Let cool on baking sheet 5 minutes. Stir
together fresh herbs and lemon zest in a small bowl. Brush
tops of baked biscuits with melted butter; sprinkle with
herb mixture and Parmesan cheese. (Store in an airtight
container up to 3 days; chill up to 1 week. To reheat, bake
about 10 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/herby-ricotta-biscuits-recipe-8347357 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Herby Ricotta Biscuits
