Holiday Monkey Bread


Ingredients
1 1/3 cups milk
2 teaspoons dry yeast
1/4 cup white sugar
1 large egg,
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
1/2 cup dried cranberries
1 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
2 sticks unsalted butter
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon orange zest

Cooking Instructions

For dough, warm milk in a saucepan over low heat, or in the
microwave, to no higher than 105 degrees F (40 degrees C).
Pour warm milk into the bowl of a stand mixer, sprinkle in
yeast; let stand 15 to 20 minutes. Combine sugar, egg,
melted butter, flour, and salt, and knead in the bowl of a
stand mixer. Knead with the dough hook attachment on low
speed until a soft, smooth, elastic dough forms, about 10
minutes. Add walnuts and cranberries, and knead until evenly
distributed, 1 to 2 minutes more. Cover bowl and let dough
rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 1/2
hours. Meanwhile, for cinnamon sugar, stir sugar and
cinnamon together in a shallow bowl; set aside. Butter a
Bundt pan generously; set aside. Butter a work surface, and
set dough on top. Press and stretch dough into a 15x15-inch
square; brush generously with melted butter. Using a pizza
cutter, cut dough into 64 squares. Roll each piece into a
ball, and then roll in cinnamon sugar. Transfer dough balls
into the greased Bundt pan, without pressing them together.
Cover and let proof for about 35 minutes. Preheat the oven
to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Meanwhile, for sugar
syrup, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in
brown sugar, and wait for the mixture to just start to
bubble slightly, stirring occasionally. Turn off heat and
whisk in orange zest. Continue to whisk until a smooth
caramel-like sauce forms. Pour sauce over top of dough
balls, coating evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until a
skewer inserted near the center comes out clean, about 35
minutes. To be safe, place a sheet pan on the rack below the
Bundt pan in the oven to catch any dripping syrup. Let
monkey bread cool in the pan for 10 minutes; turn out onto a
plate. Let cool to just warm before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/holiday-monkey-bread-recipe-8745645 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Holiday Monkey Bread
