Holiday Star Bread


Ingredients
2 teaspoons dry yeast
1/4 cup water
1/2 cup milk (100 to 110 degrees F/37 to 43 degrees C)
2 tablespoons sugar
1 large egg
1/4 cup butter
1/4 teaspoon cardamom
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt
1/4 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 large egg
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup dried cranberries
1/4 cup golden raisins
1/4 cup sliced almonds
1/4 cup chopped pistachios
confectioner's sugar

Cooking Instructions

For dough, combine yeast, warm water, and warm milk in a
stand mixer bowl, and let sit for 15 minutes. Add sugar,
egg, butter, cardamom, flour, and salt and knead with the
dough hook attachment until a smooth, very soft, elastic
dough forms, about 5 minutes. If dough seems too wet and
sticky after a few minutes of kneading, add a little more
flour, about 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed. Scrape down
the sides of the bowl, and with damp hands form dough into a
smooth ball. Cover and let rise in a warm spot until doubled
in size, about 2 hours. Meanwhile, for cinnamon sugar, whisk
cinnamon and sugar together in a small bowl. For egg wash,
whisk egg and melted butter together in a separate small
bowl. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, pat
into a circle, and divide into 4 equal pieces. For exact
portions, use a digital scale to weigh and adjust each
piece. Form 1 portion of the dough into a ball, and using
just enough flour to prevent sticking, roll out into about
an 11-inch circle. Transfer onto a piece of parchment paper,
and use your hands to pull and stretch into a uniform
circle. Brush generously with egg wash nearly to the edge of
the circle, then sprinkle over a rounded tablespoon of
cinnamon sugar. Scatter 1/3 of cranberries, raisins,
almonds, and pistachios over dough, reaching nearly to the
edge. Roll the second portion of dough into another 11-inch
circle, and lightly press onto the first layer of filling.
Repeat layering remaining dough and filling, for 3 total
layers of filling, then top with 4th dough circle. Use a
3-inch pastry cutter or a glass to mark a circle at the
center of the top piece of dough. With a knife or bench
scraper, cut down through all layers from the outside edge
of the marked circle to the outer edge of the stack. First
divide dough into 4 equal sections, and then divide each
section into 4 equal sections, for 16 total sections. For
each arm of the star, lift the ends of 2 sections with your
fingers and twist them at least twice away from each other,
then pinch the two ends together, pressing them into a
point, making sure dough is well sealed. Do this for the
remaining 7 sets of cut dough strips. Carefully slide
parchment onto a baking sheet or pizza pan, and trim off any
excess parchment paper. Cover bread with a towel and let
proof in a warm place until dough puffs up slightly, about
45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees
C). Brush entire surface of bread with egg wash. Bake in the
preheated oven until browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to
a cooling rack to cool completely. Dust with powdered sugar
just before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/holiday-star-bread-recipe-8761314 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Holiday Star Bread
