Homemade Lasagna


Ingredients
½ pound ground pork
½ pound lean ground beef
½ cup minced onion
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, divided
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 ½ teaspoons dried basil
1 ½ teaspoons salt
½ teaspoon dried oregano
⅛ teaspoon white sugar
1 (16 ounce) package lasagna noodles
1 pound small-curd cottage cheese
¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese
3 large eggs
2 teaspoons salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (16 ounce) package shredded mozzarella cheese

Cooking Instructions

Combine pork and ground beef in a large, deep skillet over
medium-high heat; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5
to 7 minutes. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5
minutes. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, 1
tablespoon fresh parsley, garlic, basil, salt, oregano, and
sugar. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring
occasionally, for 30 minutes. While the sauce is simmering,
bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook
lasagna noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally,
until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain
and set aside. While the noodles are cooking, preheat the
oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix cottage cheese,
Parmesan cheese, eggs, remaining 1 tablespoon fresh parsley,
salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Assemble
lasagna: Spread a spoon or two of sauce over the bottom of a
9x13-inch baking dish just to to coat it. Place two layers
of noodles over the sauce to cover. Layer with 1/2 of the
cheese mixture, 1/2 of the remaining sauce, and 1/2 of the
mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers once more using the
remaining noodles, cheese mixture, sauce, and mozzarella.
Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the
preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the foil and
bake until cheese is golden brown, 5 to 10 more minutes.
Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes before
cutting and serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19344/homemade-lasagna/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Homemade Lasagna
