Homemade Mini Cinnamon Rolls


Ingredients
¾ cup milk
¼ cup water
4 cups bread flour or all-purpose flour
⅓ cup sugar
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
½ teaspoon salt
2 large eggs, lightly beaten
⅓ cup butter, melted
⅔ cup brown sugar
1 ½ teaspoons cinnamon
4 tablespoons butter, softened
3 ounces cream cheese, softened
1 tablespoon butter, softened
1 tablespoon milk
½ teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups powdered sugar

Cooking Instructions

Mix together milk and water in a glass measuring cup for the
dough. Microwave mixture until it reaches 105 degrees F to
115 degrees F (40 degrees C to 46 degrees C), 30 to 60
seconds. Whisk together flour, sugar, yeast, and salt in a
large bowl. Add eggs, melted butter, and milk mixture. Beat
with an electric mixer at medium speed until a soft dough
forms and begins to pull away from sides of bowl, 3 to 5
minutes. (Dough will be sticky.) Lightly grease a bowl.
Transfer dough to the bowl and turn to coat. Chill, covered,
until dough is easy to handle, at least 2 hours or up to
overnight. Grease two 9-inch round cake pans or two 8x8-inch
baking pans. Stir together brown sugar and cinnamon in a
small bowl. Punch down dough; divide in half. Roll out one
portion of dough on a lightly floured surface into a
6x16-inch rectangle. (If dough springs back when rolling,
let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.) Spread 2 tablespoons softened
butter over the dough. Sprinkle half of the cinnamon-brown
sugar mixture over butter; gently pat mixture so it adheres
to the dough. Starting on a long side, roll up dough and
pinch along seam to seal. Slice dough log into 16 (1-inch-
thick) pieces. Put rolls, cut sides down, in one of the
prepared pans. Repeat with the remaining dough, cinnamon-
sugar, and softened butter. Let rise, covered, in a warm
place until rolls nearly double in size, about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake
until rolls until golden brown, 17 to 22 minutes. Cool in
pan on a wire rack 10 minutes. Meanwhile for the icing, beat
cream cheese, softened butter, milk, and vanilla with an
electric mixer at medium speed until creamy, 1 to 2 minutes.
Gradually beat in powdered sugar until smooth. Drizzle rolls
with icing and serve warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8508239/homemade-mini-cinnamon-rolls/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Homemade Mini Cinnamon Rolls
