How to Make Sourdough Bread with Levain


Ingredients
100 grams sourdough starter
15 grams bread flour
15 grams whole wheat flour
5 grams rye flour
35 grams water
135 grams whole wheat flour
365 grams bread flour
425 grams water
70 grams of the levain
11 grams kosher salt
2 tablespoon rice flour, or as needed for dusting banneton
2 ice cubes

Cooking Instructions

Make the Levain: Weigh out the levain ingredients in a small
bowl or jar (100g sourdough starter, 15g bread flour, 15g
whole wheat flour, 5g rye flour, 35g water). Stir together,
and leave at room temperature until very bubbly and doubled
in size, about 5 hours. Meanwhile, about 2 hours before the
levain will be ready, perform the autolyse: Stir the 135g
whole wheat flour, 365g bread flour, and 425g water together
in a bowl. Let sit for about 2 hours. If levain is ready to
use before the autolyse has gone a full 2 hours, proceed
with mixing dough anyway. Mix the dough: Weigh out 70g
levain, and add to the top of the autolyse mixture of flour
and water. Sprinkle salt around the edges. With damp hands,
pull up and fold dough from edges to the middle, turning the
bowl as you fold, until completely mixed. Cover; let rest
for 15 minutes. Cover and return the excess levain to the
refrigerator to use for a future batch of bread. Perform
first set of folds: Lift dough with wet hands at the edge
and flop to the middle; turn the bowl a few inches and
continue to flop and turn until dough begins to resist being
pulled to the center. Repeat folds twice more, 15 minutes
apart, covering dough in between. Set a timer for 30
minutes. Now turn dough out onto counter, and perform the
first stretch and fold. Stretch the dough into a rough
12-inch square. Pull 2 corners and fold the dough into
thirds; then fold the top half to the bottom. Roll the dough
forward, then form into a ball with a flat bench scraper;
return dough to the bowl and cover. Repeat the stretch and
fold process 2 more times, 30 minutes apart. Cover; let
dough bulk ferment until very bubbly and doubled in size, 4
to 5 hours. Turn dough out onto counter, and pre-shape dough
into a ball. Dust with flour, and let rest on the counter 30
minutes. Perform the final shaping: Dust the counter with
flour, and gently flop the dough over into the flour with
the bench scraper. Again, perform a stretch and fold, but
gently, to not deflate the dough. Shape into as high and
round a ball as possible using the bench scraper. Dust the
top with flour. Generously dust a banneton with rice flour,
Carefully slide the bench scraper under the dough, and turn
it over into the banneton. Now, and this is optional,
"stitch" the dough by bringing opposite pieces of the dough
up, sticking them together in the center. Dust with a little
flour. Cover; proof dough in the refrigerator for 14 hours.
One hour before baking, place the pan you will bake the
bread in, or a pizza stone, in the oven. and heat the oven
to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). After 1 hour of
preheating, turn dough out of banneton onto parchment, and
score 1/4-inch deep with a razor or sharp thin knife. Place
in bread pan, add 2 ice cubes to the pan; cover. Bake for 20
minutes at 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Remove cover,
lower the heat to 450 degrees F (240 degrees C), and bake an
additional 35 minutes, or until desired doneness. Let cool 1
hour before slicing.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/how-to-make-sourdough-bread-with-levain-recipe-8628576 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=How to Make Sourdough Bread with Levain
