Iced Dried Cherry Biscuits


Ingredients
2 1/4 cups flour, plus more for rolling
3/4 cup dried cherries
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons orange zest, plus more for garnish
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon sea salt
stick (8 tablespoons) butter
3/4 cup Greek-style yogurt
1/2 cup orange juice, or more as needed
1 cup sifted powdered sugar
5 teaspoons whole milk
1/8 teaspoon sea salt

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (218 degrees C). Line a
large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together
flour, dried cherries, sugar, baking powder, orange zest,
baking soda, and fine sea salt in a large bowl. Coat whole
stick of butter in the flour mixture. Grate butter on the
large holes of a box grater into bowl. If butter starts to
melt, coat butter in flour mixture again and continue
grating. Use your fingers to toss butter in flour mixture
until all butter pieces are separated and coated in flour.
Mixture should resemble coarse crumbs. Whisk together yogurt
and orange juice in a small bowl; add to flour mixture.
Gently fold to bring dough together. Dough should be
moistened but still crumbly. If dough is too dry, add more
cold orange juice, 1 tablespoon at a time, until fully
moistened. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work
surface. Lightly knead three or four times until dough comes
together. Sprinkle with flour; pat to 3/4 inch thickness.
Cut dough into four equal portions. Stack portions, press
down, and pat again to form a 3/4-inch-thick rectangle.
Repeat process three times, adding flour as needed. Press a
2 1/2- to 3-inch biscuit cutter straight down into dough to
cut out biscuits. Gently knead scraps together, pat to
3/4-inch thickness, and repeat cutting. Arrange on prepared
baking sheet (biscuits should be barely touching). Bake
until tops are crisp and golden brown, 15 to 16 minutes. Let
cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes. Stir together
powdered sugar, milk, and 1/8 teaspoon sea salt in a bowl
until icing is well combined. Drizzle biscuits with icing;
garnish with more orange zest. Store in an airtight
container up to 3 days; chill up to 1 week. To reheat, bake
about 10 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/iced-dried-cherry-biscuits-recipe-8364196 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Iced Dried Cherry Biscuits
