Loaded Cheeseburger Waffle Fry Bake


Ingredients
8 bacon (1/2 package)
1 (20-ounce) bag frozen waffle fries
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 small yellow onion
2 clove garlic, minced
1 pound ground beef
salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
1/4 cup ketchup, plus more for serving
2 tablespoons yellow mustard
2 tablespoons mayonnaise,
1/2 cup chopped pickles
1/4 cup tomatoes
2 tablespoons ketchup, or to taste
2 2 tablespoons mustard, or to taste

Cooking Instructions

Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high
heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10
minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Once cool
enough to handle, roughly chop. Meanwhile, preheat an air
fryer oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Air fry the
waffle fries until golden and crispy, shaking halfway
through, for 8 to 10 minutes or bake as directed on the
package. Be sure to flip the half way through baking.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat
olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions
and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add minced garlic
and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add ground beef
and season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir ground beef
in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, breaking up
any clumps as it cooks, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard
grease. Stir in ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise to
completely coat the beef mixture. Simmer for 1 to 2 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees C (190 degrees C). Spread
cooked beef mixture evenly into a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Sprinkle Cheddar cheese on top and arrange crispy waffle
fries in an even layer over the cheese. Sprinkle mozzarella
over waffle fries, followed by chopped bacon. Bake casserole
in the preheated oven just until cheese is melted and
casserole is heated through, about 5 minutes. Top with
chopped pickles and diced tomatoes, and additional ketchup
and mustard for an extra special cheeseburger flavor. Serve
immediately while the waffle fries are still crispy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/loaded-cheeseburger-waffle-fry-bake-recipe-8775015 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Loaded Cheeseburger Waffle Fry Bake
