Marry Me Chicken Pasta Bake


Ingredients
12 ounces uncooked penne pasta
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 1/2 teaspoons I talian seasoning, divided
2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 cup drained jarred julienne-cut sun-dried tomatoes
4 tablespoons oil from sun-dried tomato jar
1 1/2 cups yellow onion
6 large garlic cloves
1/3 cup white wine
2 tablespoons tomato paste
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
3 tablespoons all purpose flour
1 cup whole milk
1 (5 ounces) baby spinach
2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup armesan cheese, divided
1/2 cup panko (Japanese-style breadcrumbs)
basil leaves

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of water to a boil over
high. Add pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until al
dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of pasta cooking
water. Drain pasta and transfer to an ungreased 13- x 9-inch
baking dish. Season chicken breasts evenly with black pepper
and 1 teaspoon each of the Italian seasoning and salt. Heat
2 tablespoons of sun-dried tomato oil in a large skillet
over medium until shimmering. Add chicken breasts and cook
until golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the
thickest part registers 165 degrees F (73 degrees C), 10 to
15 minutes, flipping occasionally. Transfer to a cutting
board and let rest 5 minutes. Thinly slice chicken and add
to pasta in baking dish. Do not clean skillet. Add 1
tablespoon of the sun-dried tomato oil to skillet and return
to medium heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook, stirring
often, until softened, about 6 minutes. Add white wine,
tomato paste, and 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, and cook,
stirring often, until liquid is reduced by half, about 2
minutes. Stir in butter until melted. Sprinkle flour over
sun-dried tomato mixture and cook, stirring constantly,
until thick and pasty, about 1 minute. Gradually stir in
reserved pasta cooking water and milk. Cook, stirring often,
until thickened and smooth, about 2 minutes. Add spinach, 1
teaspoon Italian seasoning, and remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons
salt. Cook over medium, stirring constantly, until wilted
and bright green, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir
in 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup of the
Paremsan cheese until melted. Transfer to pasta mixture in
baking dish and stir until well combined. Set aside. Heat
remaining 1 tablespoon sun-dried tomato oil in a small
skillet over medium-high. Add panko and remaining 1/2
teaspoon Italian seasoning, and cook, stirring constantly,
until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Sprinkle pasta mixture with remaining 1/2 cup sun-dried
tomatoes, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese,
and toasted panko mixture. Bake in preheated oven until
cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Garnish with basil.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/marry-me-chicken-pasta-bake-recipe-8707218 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Marry Me Chicken Pasta Bake
