Mediterranean Crispy Rice Chicken Bowl


Ingredients
1 1/4 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs
4 tablespoons olive oi
2 teaspoons seasoning,
1/2 teaspoon paprika
2 cloves garlic,
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon banana pepper brine
2 teaspoons honey
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 cup water
3 cups cooked rice
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 cup cherry tomatoes
1 cup English cucumber
1/2 cup red onion
1/2 cup banana pepper rings
1/2 cup chopped parsley
1/2 cup Kalamata olives
1/2 cup feta cheese

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly
grease a baking sheet or line with parchment. Combine
chicken, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning,
paprika, garlic, and salt in a bowl. Stir until well coated;
set aside. For dressing, whisk olive oil, red wine vinegar,
pepper brine, honey, Dijon mustard, salt, and black pepper
together in a small bowl until well combined; set aside.
Combine cooked rice and soy sauce with remaining 3
tablespoons olive oil and 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning in a
bowl. Spread rice onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake rice
in the preheated oven until rice is crispy and lightly
browned, about 40 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a small amount of
oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and
cook, undisturbed, until chicken is browned on one side and
releases easily from pan, 3 to 4 minutes. Continue to cook
and stir until chicken is no longer pink at the center and
browned on all sides, about 4 minutes more. Add water to the
skillet and continue to stir until bottom of skillet is
deglazed. Remove from heat. To serve, divide chicken,
tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, banana peppers, parsley, and
olives among 4 bowls. Top evenly with crispy rice and feta
cheese and drizzle with dressing.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/mediterranean-crispy-rice-chicken-bowl-recipe-8778475 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mediterranean Crispy Rice Chicken Bowl
