Nicole's Cajun Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya


Ingredients
2 tablespoons canola oil
1¼ pounds andouille smoked sausage, sliced into ½-inch pieces
1½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1½-inch pieces
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3/4 pound ground pork
1 large yellow or white onion, diced
3 stalks celery, diced
1 green bell pepper, diced
1/2 red bell pepper, diced
1 jalapeño, seeded and finely diced
6 clove garlic, minced
2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, or to taste
3 thyme sprigs
2 bay leaves
6 to 7 cups chicken stock as needed
3 cups long grain rice, rinsed and drained
1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced
hot sauce, for serving (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Heat 2 tablespoons bacon grease in a
large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add sausage
and sauté until browned on both sides, about 3 minutes.
Remove from the pot with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Reserve drippings in the pot. Add chicken to the pot and
sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, undisturbed, until
chicken easily releases from the bottom and begins to brown,
about 2 minutes. Push chicken to one side of the pot and add
pork. Cook, crumbling with a spoon, until browned, about 3
minutes. Stir chicken and pork together and remove from the
pan with a slotted spoon, and add to the reserved sausage.
Add onion, bell peppers, celery, and jalapeño to the pan and
cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly to lift off any
flavorful bits from the bottom. Reduce heat to medium and
cook, stirring often, until well browned and very tender,
about 25 minutes. Add garlic to the mixture and continue
cooking for 2 minutes. Stir in Cajun seasoning, thyme, and
bay leaves. Pour in 1 cup stock to deglaze the pan, making
sure to scrape up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir
in remaining 5 cups stock and bring to a boil. Add browned
sausage, chicken and pork back into the pan; stir in rice
and bring to a boil again. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer
until rice is tender and most of the liquid has been
absorbed, about 25 minutes. Add up to 1 cup additional stock
if necessary if liquid is absorbed before rice is tender.
Remove from heat; let stand 5 minutes before fluffing
lightly with a fork. Serve sprinkled with green onions and
hot sauce, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/nicole-s-cajun-chicken-and-sausage-jambalaya-recipe-8780968 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Nicole's Cajun Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya
