Nutella Swirl Cheesecake Bars


Ingredients
1 1/2 cups OREO
1/3 cup roasted hazelnuts
2 tablespoons light brown sugar
1 pinch salt
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
16 ounces cream cheese,
1/2 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 pinch ground nutmeg
3/4 cup heavy cream
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice
1 extra large egg
1/2 cup Nutella®)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a
9x9-inch square pan with enough parchment paper to have
overhang on all sides. Combine OREO crumbs, chopped
hazelnuts, brown sugar, and pinch of salt in a food
processor; pulse until finely ground. Add in melted butter
and pulse until mixture is evenly moistened. Pour mixture
into the prepared pan and press firmly and evenly into the
bottom of the pan. Bake crust in the preheated oven for 10
minutes. Remove from oven and allow crust to cool for 10
minutes. Keep the oven on. Beat cream cheese, white sugar,
vanilla, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and nutmeg together in a large
bowl with an electric mixer until completely smooth and
combined. Add in heavy cream and lemon juice and beat until
smooth and combined. Add in egg and mix until just
incorporated. Pour batter over crust and spread into an even
layer. Place Nutella in a small microwave-safe bowl and
microwave until slightly warmed, about 30 seconds. Place
dollops of warm Nutella randomly over cheesecake filling.
Use a sharp knife to gently swirl the batters together,
taking care not to go too deep and cut the crust. Tap the
pan on the counter a few times to help the batter to settle
again. Bake bars in the preheated oven until edges of bars
begin to turn golden, and bars still have a slight jiggle in
the center, 35 to 40 minutes. Allow bars to cool to room
temperature; then refrigerate until fully chilled, at least
4 hours. Cut into 16 bars.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/nutella-swirl-cheesecake-bars-recipe-8779386 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Nutella Swirl Cheesecake Bars
