Okonomiyaki-Inspired Crispy Rice


Ingredients
4 slices thick-cut bacon
1 1/2 cups quick-cooking white rice
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
2 cups tap water
2 medium scallions
4 cups shredded green cabbage
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1/2 cup Kewpie mayonnaise
2 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons canola oil
1/4 cup ketchup
1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds
seaweed flakes

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200
degrees C) with rack in bottom third position. Heat bacon in
a medium cast-iron skillet over medium and cook, stirring
occasionally, until crisp, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted
spoon, transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate. Reserve
drippings in a small bowl. While bacon cooks, stir together
rice, salt, and water in an 8-cup microwave-safe container.
Microwave on HIGH until al dente, about 4 minutes. Drain to
eliminate excess water, if needed, and transfer to a large
bowl. Thinly slice scallions, keeping dark and light green
parts separate. Return 1 tablespoon of bacon drippings to
the skillet over medium heat and add light green parts of
scallions, cabbage, garlic, and ginger; cook, stirring
often, until softened and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove
from heat and transfer to bowl with rice. Add half (about
1/4 cup) of the reserved bacon, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, and 2
tablespoons soy sauce to bowl with rice and cabbage; toss
until fully combined. Heat oil and remaining 2 tablespoons
bacon drippings in a skillet over medium heat until just
sizzling. Add rice mixture to the hot skillet and use a
spoon to flatten and cover the bottom of the skillet. Use
end of a wooden spoon handle to gently poke 5 to 6 holes in
the rice, going all the way to bottom of skillet. This will
allow steam to escape and a crust to form on the bottom.
Continue cooking over medium heat until rice sizzles and
begins to brown on edges, about 4 minutes. Transfer to
preheated oven and cook on the bottom third rack until
bottom of rice is nice and crisp, 30 to 35 minutes. While
rice bakes, whisk together ketchup, Worcestershire sauce,
and remaining 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce in a small bowl; set
Okonomiyaki sauce aside until ready to use. Remove skillet
from oven. Drizzle evenly with some of the ketchup mixture
and remaining 1/4 cup kewpie mayonnaise. Sprinkle with
sesame seeds, dark green parts of scallions, reserved bacon,
aonori, and bonito flakes, if using. Serve immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/okonomiyaki-inspired-crispy-rice-recipe-8788921 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Okonomiyaki-Inspired Crispy Rice
