One Pan Lemon Garlic Parmesan Chicken


Ingredients
3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon pepper, divided
2 pounds red potatoes, cut into 1-inch cubes
3 boneless skinless chicken breasts
1 green beans
3 tablespoons butter, divided
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
parsley for garnish (optional

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Whisk
together lemon juice, lemon zest, olive oil, oregano, garlic
powder, 2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a bowl
until well combined. Slice chicken in half lengthwise and
pound slightly to a uniform thickness (Alternatively, you
can use 6 chicken cutlets), and place chicken in a shallow
dish or large resealable bag. Pour half of the olive oil
mixture over chicken and toss well to coat. Let chicken
marinate 30 minutes while potatoes are prepared. Add
potatoes to remaining marinade and toss well. Transfer
potatoes to a lightly greased 9x13 baking dish and season
with remaining salt and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven
until potatoes are just tender, tossing halfway through, 25
to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare green beans according to
microwave package directions. Remove potatoes from the oven
and toss green beans with potatoes. Top with dollops of half
of the softened butter. Remove chicken from marinade and
place on top of potatoes and green beans. Reserve any
remaining marinade in the bowl. Add remaining butter,
mayonnaise, and Parmesan cheese to the bowl with any
remaining marinade and mix well. Spread butter mixture over
evenly over chicken and return pan to oven. Bake in the
preheated oven until chicken is cooked through, 20 to 25
minutes. If you like your chicken browned, broil on high the
last 2 minutes to brown the tops of the chicken. Sprinkle
with parsley if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/one-pan-lemon-garlic-parmesan-chicken-recipe-8693366 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=One Pan Lemon Garlic Parmesan Chicken
