Panettone


Ingredients
⅓ cup warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
2 (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast
4 cups all-purpose flour
½ cup warm milk
⅔ cup white sugar
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
12 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 cups candied mixed fruit
2 ½ teaspoons grated lemon zest
2 tablespoons orange zest
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon cream
3 (7 x 4-inch) round paper panettone molds

Cooking Instructions

To make sponge, warm a small bowl by rinsing it with hot
water. Pour in warm water and sprinkle 1 package yeast on
it. Let stand until yeast has dissolved. Stir in 1/2 cup
flour, cover with plastic wrap, and let stand 30 minutes, or
until doubled. Sprinkle remaining yeast over warm milk. Let
stand until dissolved. Beat together sugar, eggs, egg yolks,
and vanilla. Stir in milk-yeast mixture. Add sponge and stir
until well incorporated. Combine butter and remaining 3 ½
cups flour until crumbly. Slowly pour in egg mixture and
beat on high speed 3 to 4 minutes, until dough is elastic
looking and long strands form. Beat in fruit and zests. Turn
dough into oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and leave in
a warm place to rise until doubled, about 2 to 3 hours.
Brush inside of three 7 x 4-inch paper molds with melted
butter. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface
and knead a few times to deflate. Divide dough into 3
pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and drop into prepared
molds; place on a baking sheet about 4-inches apart and
cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place
until doubled again, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400
degrees F (200 degrees C). Cut an X in top of each loaf with
oiled scissors. Combine egg yolk with cream. Brush tops of
loaves lightly with egg wash. Place baking sheet with loaves
in bottom 1/3 of preheated oven. After 10 minutes, lower
heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Continue to bake for
30 more minutes; if tops get too brown, cover with foil.
Loaves are done when a wooden skewer inserted into centers
comes out clean. Cool on wire rack.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9426/panettone-loaves/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Panettone
