Pavlova with Winter Fruits


Ingredients
4 egg whites, at room temperature
¾ cup white sugar
¼ cup superfine sugar
1 ½ teaspoons cornstarch
½ teaspoon orange blossom water (Optional)
½ teaspoon white vinegar
3 lemons, zested and juiced
⅓ cup white sugar
4 large egg yolks
1 pinch sea salt
3 tablespoons coconut oil, at room temperature
1 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon orange blossom water (Optional)
1 pink grapefruit, peeled and sliced crosswise
1 orange, peeled and sliced crosswise
1 ripe Fuyu persimmon, peeled and thinly sliced
½ pomegranate, seeded

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line a
large baking sheet with parchment paper. Invert a small bowl
onto the parchment paper and trace the rim with a pencil.
Repeat twice more. Flip parchment paper over. Beat egg
whites in a large bowl with an electric mixer until soft
peaks begin to form. Gradually add white sugar, with the
mixer running. Whisk superfine sugar and cornstarch in a
small bowl. Gradually beat into the meringue. Continue
beating meringue until stiff, glossy peaks form. Beat in
orange blossom water and vinegar. Spoon meringue into the
traced circles. Make the borders higher than the center, to
leave room for the filling. Bake meringues in the preheated
oven until firm and dry to the touch, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make the lemon curd. Fill a medium saucepan with
1 inch of water and bring to a bare simmer. Whisk lemon
juice, lemon zest, sugar, egg yolks, and salt together in a
glass bowl. Set the bowl over the simmering water. Cook,
whisking constantly, until curd foams, then thickens, about
10 minutes. Remove the bowl from the simmering water.
Gradually whisk in coconut oil until melted and
incorporated. Strain the curd through a fine-mesh sieve;
discard solids left in the strainer. Press a sheet of
plastic wrap directly onto the surface to prevent a skin
from forming. Transfer to the refrigerator. Turn off oven
and keep meringues inside until completely dry, about 1
hour. Combine heavy cream, confectioners' sugar, and orange
blossom water in a bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until
soft peaks form. Spoon lemon curd into the center of the
cooled meringues. Mound whipped cream over the curd. Arrange
grapefruit, orange, and persimmon slices on top. Sprinkle
pomegranate seeds over the top.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269274/pavlova-with-winter-fruits/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pavlova with Winter Fruits
