Pecan Pie Cheese Ball


Ingredients
2 packages caramel dip singles
1 tablespoon toasted pecans
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1/2 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoons light brown sugar
1 package instant vanilla pudding mix
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2/3 cup pecans, divided
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
apple slices

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Stir together caramel dip and 1
tablespoon of the pecans in a small bowl; store in
refrigerator until ready to use. Beat cream cheese and
butter with a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on
high speed until smooth, about 1 minute, stopping to scrape
down sides of bowl as necessary. Add powdered sugar and
brown sugar; beat on low until just combined, about 5
seconds; increase speed to medium-high and beat until
smooth, about 30 seconds, scraping down sides of bowl as
necessary. Add pudding mix, lemon juice, salt, cinnamon, and
1/3 cup of the pecans; mix until just combined, about 10
seconds. Line the inside of a medium bowl with plastic wrap,
leaving about a 2-inch overhang around the bowl. Place cream
cheese mixture into prepared bowl, pressing down until cream
cheese mixture is firmly packed; make a well in the center,
about 3 inches wide and 2 inches deep. Refrigerate,
uncovered, until just firm, about 45 minutes. Spoon caramel
mixture into the well of the chilled cream cheese mixture.
Use the edges of the plastic wrap to help spread cheese
evenly over caramel mixture to enclose, pressing together
the edges to create a sealed ball with a caramel center.
Unwrap and smooth outside of cheese with clean fingers or
the back of a spoon until smooth and no cracks remain. Place
ball onto a new piece of plastic wrap and wrap it well,
reforming it into a ball shape, about 5 inches in diameter.
Place in a medium bowl and refrigerate until completely
firm, 2 hours or up to 12 hours. Place remaining 1/3 cup
pecans on a small plate. Unwrap cheese ball and roll in
pecans to fully coat. Transfer to a serving platter and
drizzle with additional caramel dip. Serve with apple
slices, graham crackers, pretzel chips, and other dippers of
choice.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pecan-pie-cheese-ball-recipe-8732389 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pecan Pie Cheese Ball
