Perfect Pan Pizza


Ingredients
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/4 teaspoons dry yeast
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 cup water
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
6 ounces part skim mozzarella cheese
3/4 cup pizza sauce (see below)
1/3 cup pepperoni

Cooking Instructions

Whisk flour, yeast, and salt together in a large bowl. Stir
water and 1 tablespoon olive oil together in a separate bowl
or measuring cup and add to flour mixture. Stir just until
well combined. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand at
room temperature until dough has tripled in size, 8 to 12
hours. Alternatively, cover and refrigerate at least 12
hours and up to 36 hours, or until dough has tripled in
size. Uncover dough and transfer to a floured surface.
Gently stretch and fold dough over a few times until nearly
smooth; use your hands to lightly shape dough into a ball.
Dough should remain a little sticky. Pour remaining olive
oil into a 12-inch cast iron skillet and use your fingers to
liberally coat the bottom and sides of the skillet. Using
oiled hands, transfer dough to the skillet, gently flatten
into a thick disc shape, and lightly coat with some of the
oil. Lightly cover the skillet with plastic wrap and set
aside at room temperature for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to
400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Use fingers to lightly press
dough to an even layer to the edges of the pan and about 1/2
inch up the sides. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese around the edges
and over dough. Sprinkle 1/3 cup shredded mozzarella over
dough. Spread pizza sauce in an even layer over entire
crust. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and top with
pepperoni. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden
around the edges and cheese is lightly browned and melted,
20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on the
stove over medium heat. Cook until bottom of crust is golden
brown and toasted, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully slide pizza
from the pan to a wire rack; let stand for 10 minutes.
Transfer pizza to a cutting board; slice and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/perfect-pan-pizza-recipe-8656583 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Perfect Pan Pizza
