Perfect Pan Seared Filet Mignon


Ingredients
2 (8 ounce) filet mignon steaks
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons butter or herb butter (optional)
2 tablespoons butter
1 (8 ounce) package sliced baby portobello mushrooms
¼ cup white wine
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
½ cup heavy cream
freshly cracked black pepper
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Allow steaks to sit at room
temperature 30 minutes before cooking. Meanwhile, preheat
the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Heat oil in a
large oven-proof skillet over high heat. Season one side of
steaks liberally with salt and pepper in an even layer.
Place filets seasoned side down into the skillet and cook,
undisturbed until a rich golden brown crust has formed,
about 3 minutes. Season the other side with salt and pepper
and flip the steaks. Cook 2 minutes longer and then move the
skillet to the preheated oven. Cook in the preheated oven 2
to 3 minutes longer for rare, about 4 minutes for medium-
rare, 5 to 7 minutes for medium, about 8 minutes for medium
well and 1 to 2 more minutes for well done. Remove steaks
from the skillet. Add butter if desired and tent with foil.
Allow steak to rest for 10 minutes before serving.
Meanwhile, return skillet to the stovetop over medium-high
heat and melt 2 tablespoons butter in the drippings. Add
mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until browned, about 5
minutes. Pour in wine to deglaze skillet and scrape the
bottom with a wooden spoon to loosen any browned bits. Cook
until the liquid is mostly evaporated. Stir in cream,
Worcestershire sauce, and pepper and bring mixture to a
simmer, stirring often. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook
until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with more
salt if desired. Stir in lemon juice and serve mushroom
sauce with filet mignon. Serve and enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8539032/perfect-pan-seared-filet-mignon/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Perfect Pan Seared Filet Mignon
