Picadillo Cornbread Casserole


Ingredients
cooking spray
1 tablespoon olive oil
3/4 cup onion
3/4 cup green pepper
4 cloves garlic,
1 1/2 pounds ground beef
2 (10.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes and chilies, such as RO*TEL
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 cups potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons oregano
1 tablespoon chili powder
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/3 cup olives
3 tablespoons raisins, chopped (optional)
1 cup sharp Cheddar cheese
1 cup cheese
1 (8.5 ounce) package corn muffin mix, such as Jiffy
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1 large egg, beaten
1/3 cup milk
1/4 cup sour cream
1/4 cup jalapenos
tomatoes,

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and spray
a 9x13-inch casserole dish with avocado cooking spray. In a
large skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add onions
and green peppers and cook, stirring, until softened, 2 to 3
minutes. Add garlic and sauté for 30 seconds. Add ground
beef to the skillet and cook, until no longer pink, breaking
up large pieces. Stir and cook until brown, about 5 minutes.
Drain excess fat, and reduce the heat to medium-low. Stir in
tomatoes and green chilies with juice, tomato paste, diced
potatoes, cumin, Mexican oregano, chili powder, and salt and
pepper to taste. Simmer until fragrant and saucy, 10 to 12
minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in olives and
raisins. Pour into prepared casserole dish. Combine Cheddar
and Monterey Jack cheeses; sprinkle half of cheese mixture
on top of picadillo mixture. Reserve remaining cheese for
later use. In a large mixing bowl, stir together the corn
muffin mix, chili powder, egg, milk, and sour cream. When
well blended, stir in chopped jalapeños. Spread cornbread
mixture in an even layer over casserole. Bake in the center
of the preheated oven until cornbread is browned and firm to
the touch, 35 to 40 minutes. A toothpick inserted into the
center of cornbread should come out clean. Remove from the
oven and cool on a wire rack for about 15 minutes. Sprinkle
remaining cheese on top of the warm casserole. Garnish with
any combination of chopped tomatoes, fresh cilantro, avocado
slices, and chopped green onions, and serve warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/picadillo-cornbread-casserole-recipe-8781303 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Picadillo Cornbread Casserole
