Pizza Stuffed Crescent Ring


Ingredients
8 ounces ground beef and/or bulk I ground beef and/or bulk I
1/2 cup onion
1/2 cup red sweet pepper
3 cloves garlic, minced
30 pepperoni slices, quartered
1/4 cup black olives
1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
1 (15-ounce) can pizza sauce
2 (8-ounce) crescent rolls
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190
degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
Cook ground beef, onion, pepper, and garlic in a large
skillet over medium until beef is browned; about 4 minutes.
Drain grease. Stir in pepperoni and olives. Remove from
heat; cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Stir the mozzarella
cheese and 3/4 cup of the pizza sauce into meat mixture.
Unroll crescent roll dough. Separate each dough sheet into 4
rectangles of two rolls each, so you have 8 rectangles
total. Arrange rectangles on the prepared baking sheet in a
ring so that the short sides form a 5-inch circle in the
center with dough pieces overlapping slightly, like a
starburst. Carefully spoon meat mixture on the halves of the
rectangles closest to the center of the ring. Working around
the circle, bring unfilled sides of dough up and over the
meat mixture, tucking ends underneath the ring to secure, as
needed. Use a paring knife to cut the dough along any
attached perforations at the top of the ring so that the
filling shows through. Combine melted butter, Italian
seasoning, and garlic powder in a small bowl. Brush butter
mixture over the top of the crescent ring. Sprinkle with
Parmesan cheese. Bake until dough is golden brown, 15 to 17
minutes. Let cool 5 minutes before slicing. Warm remaining
pizza sauce and serve with crescent ring.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pizza-stuffed-crescent-ring-recipe-8732583 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pizza Stuffed Crescent Ring
