Pork Tenderloins with Cranberries Walnuts and Dried Fruit


Ingredients
1 teaspoon ground ginger
2 tablespoons light brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon chipotle chili powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 (1 1/2 pound) pork tenderloins
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 (14 ounce) can cranberry sauce
1 orange, zested and juiced
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1/3 cup dried apricots
1/3 cup dried figs
1/3 cup chopped walnuts
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary
rosemary sprigs, for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a
sheet pan with aluminum foil. Combine ground ginger, light
brown sugar, chipotle chili powder, salt, and black pepper
in a small bowl; set aside. Fold about 2 or 3 inches of the
thin ends of the tenderloin under the roast and tie 2 times
with kitchen string. Oil each tenderloin with 1 tablespoon
olive oil. Sprinkle dry seasoning mix evenly on both
tenderloins and lightly rub to distribute. Place seasoned
tenderloins on the prepared pan. Roast, uncovered, in the
preheated oven until until an instant-read thermometer
inserted in the center reaches 135 degrees F (57 degrees C),
20 to 25 minutes. Remove tenderloins from the oven, tent
with foil, and allow to rest about 10 minutes. Internal
temperature should rise to a safe 145 degrees F (63 degrees
C) during the rest. Meanwhile, for sauce, melt cranberry
sauce in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring
occasionally. Stir in orange zest, orange juice, and lemon
juice. Add apricots, figs, walnuts, and fresh minced
rosemary; bring to a boil, then remove from heat, and allow
to stand until the tenderloins finish. To serve, slice
tenderloins and place on a serving platter. Add cranberry
mixture on top of tenderloin slices, and on the platter.
Garnish with fresh rosemary sprigs.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pork-tenderloins-with-cranberries-walnuts-and-dried-fruit-recipe-8746835 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pork Tenderloins with Cranberries Walnuts and Dried Fruit
