Pork Chops Al Pastor


Ingredients
4 (12 to 14 ounce) bone-in double-cut p bone-in double-cut p
14 ounce) pineapple chunks with juice
2 tablespoons chili pepper, or any dried ground chile pepper
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon chipotle
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 tablespoon white vinegar
4 cloves garlic, peeled
2 green onions, cut into 2-inch pieces
1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more as needed
1 yellow onion, halved and sliced
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon oregano
1/3 cup water or chicken broth
1/2 cup yellow onion
1/2 cup fresh or canned pineapple
1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 lime, juiced, or to taste
cayenne for garnish

Cooking Instructions

Place chops in a resealable plastic bag set in a bowl. Add
pineapple, guajillo, New Mexico chili powder, chipotle,
cinnamon, salt, white vinegar, garlic, and onions to the jar
of a blender, and blend until marinade is smooth; pour
marinade into bag. Massage pork to coat evenly. Press out
air, seal the bag, and refrigerate overnight, or up to 48
hours. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Heat olive oil in an oven-safe pan over medium-high heat.
Remove chops from marinade, scraping off as much excess as
possible; reserve all marinade for the sauce. Sear chops in
the hot pan on both sides until lightly browned, about 3
minutes per side. Remove to a plate; set aside. Add yellow
onion, cumin, and dried oregano to the pan, and cook,
stirring, for 1 minute. If pan seems dry, add another
drizzle of oil. Turn off heat, and pour in water. Stir,
scraping any brown bits off the bottom of the pan. Place
chops on top of onion mixture. Roast in the preheated oven
until pork is cooked to taste, 20 to 30 minutes, basting or
brushing chops with pan juices occasionally. An internal
temperature of 140 to 145 degrees F (60 to 63 degrees C)
will ensure juicy, tender meat. Roasting time will vary
greatly depending on size of chops, so check temperature
with an instant-read thermometer early and often. Meanwhile,
pour marinade into a saucepan, and add about 1/2 cup of
water, or as needed to achieve desired thickness. Bring to a
simmer on medium-high heat, whisking occasionally. Taste
sauce for seasoning; keep warm until needed. To make salsa,
combine white onion, diced pineapple, fresh oregano, ¼
teaspoon salt, and lime juice in a bowl and mix thoroughly.
Remove pork from the oven; tent with foil and let rest for 5
to 10 minutes before serving. While resting, tops of chops
can be garnished with sauce and a spoon of salsa.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pork-chops-al-pastor-recipe-8623640 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pork Chops Al Pastor
