Poulet au Vinaigre (Chicken with Vinegar)


Ingredients
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
6 large chicken thighs
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 cup shallots
3 cloves garlic,
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1/2 cup wine vinegar
1 cup white wine
1 cup chicken broth
1/4 cup cream
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 tablespoon fresh tarragon

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Mix salt
and black pepper together, and season chicken first on the
meat side. Turn chicken skin side up, pat dry, and season
with the rest of the mixture. Heat oil in an ovenproof pan
over high heat. Place thighs in, skin side down, and sear
until well browned, without disturbing, about 5 minutes.
Turn and sear meat side for 2 minutes. Remove to plate and
turn off heat. Drain or use a paper towel to remove excess
fat in the pan, leaving 1 to 2 tablespoons. Turn heat to
medium, add shallots and a pinch of salt, and sauté for a
few minutes, just until shallots turn translucent. Add
garlic and tomato paste and cook, stirring, for another
minute. Add vinegar and cook, stirring and scraping up
browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add wine and broth,
raise heat to high, and bring to a simmer. Add chicken back
in, skin side up, and turn off heat. Bake in the preheated
oven until meat is fork tender, 40 to 45 minutes. An instant
read thermometer inserted near the center should read about
195 degrees F (90 degrees C). Remove thighs from pan, and
turn heat to high. Boil for a few minutes, or until volume
is reduced by half. Add cream and cook until sauce starts to
thicken slightly, a few minutes more. Reduce heat to low and
add butter and tarragon. Stir until butter disappears. Add
chicken back to the pan, and baste with sauce for a few
minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/poulet-au-vinaigre-chicken-with-vinegar-recipe-8705635 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Poulet au Vinaigre (Chicken with Vinegar)
