Pumpkin Oreo Cupcakes


Ingredients
2 cups cream-filled chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo
5 tablespoons unsalted butter,
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 pinch salt
1/4 cup unsalted butter
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1 large egg
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup canned pumpkin puree
1/2 cup sour cream
1 1/4 cups cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 cup unsalted butter
4 ounces cream cheese
1 3/4 cups confectioners sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup cream-filled chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo
3 tablespoons cocoa powder (such as The Cocoa Trader Black Dutched Cocoa Powder
2 tablespoons heavy cream
16 cookie cream-filled chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2
cupcake pans with liners. Prepare crusts: Mix Oreo crumbs,
melted butter, brown sugar, and salt together in a small
bowl until combined. Place 1 packed tablespoon of crumb
mixture into the bottom of about 16 cupcake liners and press
into an even layer. Bake crusts in the preheated oven for 10
minutes. Remove from oven; allow to cool. Do not turn oven
off. Meanwhile, prepare cupcakes: Beat butter, vegetable
oil, white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer
until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla and beat for 3
minutes on medium-high speed. Add pumpkin and sour cream and
mix until combined. Add cake flour, cinnamon, salt, baking
powder, nutmeg, baking soda, cloves, and allspice and mix
until just combined. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the
pumpkin batter over each Oreo crust (see Note). Bake
cupcakes until tops spring back when lightly touched, 22 to
28 minutes. Allow cupcakes to cool in the pans for 10
minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
For frosting, beat butter with an electric mixer until
smooth. Beat in cream cheese until thoroughly smooth and
combined. Beat in 1 cup powdered sugar, vanilla, and salt
until thoroughly combined, then beat in finely ground Oreos
and black cocoa. Add in remaining 3/4 cup powdered sugar;
beat until smooth and combined. Pour in heavy cream, and mix
on low speed. Gradually turn mixer speed up to medium-high
and beat until frosting is light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes.
Frost cooled cupcakes as desired and top with an additional
Oreo cookie, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/pumpkin-oreo-cupcakes-recipe-8727217 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pumpkin Oreo Cupcakes
