Roman-Style Pizza


Ingredients
4 1/4 cups bread flour (500 grams)
1 rounded teaspoon dry yeast (3.5 grams)
1 1/2 cups water (400 ml)
1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil
sea salt or kosher salt (
6 ounces Italian sausage
1 cup peppers and onions
1 1/2 cups pizza sauce
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1 1/2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese
1/4 cup olive oil, divided

Cooking Instructions

For dough, mix together flour, yeast, and water with a
wooden spoon until almost all flour has disappeared and a
rough dough is formed. Add salt and olive oil and continue
mixing with a spoon for about 3 minutes until a smooth, very
soft and sticky dough forms. Clean off spoon and scrape down
bowl. Cover and let rest 15 minutes. Perform first set of
rotating folds: leaving dough in the bowl, with a damp hand,
reach under and grab the dough at the edge of the bowl, pull
it and stretch it over the top. Rotate the bowl a few inches
and repeat about 10 or 12 times, then gather the dough into
a ball as best you can, turning the smoothest side up. Cover
the bowl, and let dough rest for 15 minutes. Repeat this
stretch, fold, and rest process 2 more times. Transfer dough
into an oiled container with a lid, rub dough with a few
drops of olive oil and cover. Refrigerate for 24 hours or
until doubled in size. Transfer dough to the counter. With
damp hands press and stretch dough into a square about 15
inches wide. Fold in half, and then in half again to create
a rectangle. Fold rectangle into thirds, and turn over so
the seam side is down. Shape back into a neat ball with damp
hand. Transfer dough into an oiled container, rub with a few
drops of olive oil, and cover. Refrigerate for an additional
24 hours or until doubled in size. Remove dough from the
refrigerator and let stand on the counter for 1 hour to come
to room temperature. Meanwhile, prepare toppings: Cook and
stir sausage in a skillet over medium heat until browned and
crumbly, breaking up any clumps with a spatula, about 10
minutes. Remove from the pan; set aside to cool. Add red
peppers and onions to the same skillet, and cook and stir
just until they begin to soften, 3 to 5 minutes; remove and
set aside. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (250 degrees
C). Oil a sheet pan generously with olive oil. A sheet of
parchment paper can be placed on the pan to prevent
sticking. Transfer dough to the prepared sheet pan. Use
oiled fingers to press dough into a rectangle that almost
covers the pan. If dough is too elastic to stay in place,
let it rest for a minute, and then continue stretching and
pressing into place. Drizzle a teaspoon of olive oil over
dough and brush to coat evenly. Bake in the preheated oven
until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove pizza crust to
a cooling rack to cool to room temperature, about 15
minutes. Remove parchment from pan if used, then return
crust to the pan. Spread crust with sauce, scatter over
sausage and vegetables, sprinkle with mozzarella and
Monterey Jack cheese, and finish with a dusting of Parmesan.
Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are well browned,
about 15 minutes. Remove to a cooling rack; let cool for 10
to 15 minutes, then cut and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/roman-style-pizza-recipe-8771243 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Roman-Style Pizza
