Roscoe's Korean Fried Chicken


Ingredients
12 wingette or drummette chicken wings
6 chicken legs
2 tablespoons ginger
2 tablespoons garlic
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup water
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup potato starch
1/2 cup cornstarch
1 cup wheat dextrin, (Such as EverCrisp
1 quart vegetable oil
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 teaspoons sesame oil
2 teaspoons garlic
1 teaspoon ginger
1/4 cup brown sugar
4 tablespoons gochujang
2 teaspoons white vinegar
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, or as needed for garnish (optional)
1 tablespoon peanuts , or as needed for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Place a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet. In a large
bowl toss chicken wings, chicken legs, ginger, garlic, salt,
pepper, and water together. Mix well. In another bowl
combine flour, potato starch, cornstarch, and EverCrisp in a
large mixing bowl. Whisk ingredients until fully mixed.
Season with salt and pepper. Add 1 cup of flour mixture to
the bowl with chicken. Mix into chicken and water to make a
very thin batter. Add chicken to the flour bowl and toss and
press until completely dredged in mixture. Place on the
prepared wire rack until ready to fry. Heat oil in a deep
fryer or large saucepan to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Line a second rimmed baking sheet with paper towels, and
place a clean wire rack on top. Add chicken pieces to the
hot oil about 5 pieces at a time so as not to drop the
temperature of the oil. Fry for 6 minutes. Transfer chicken
to the rack over the paper towel-lined baking sheet tray.
Continue with remaining chicken pieces. Increase oil
temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until
continuously boiling. Carefully add the first batch of
cooked chicken and fry again until cooked through and
crispy, about 5 minutes more. Transfer to a plate lined with
paper towels to drain. Repeat with the second batch of
chicken pieces. Transfer chicken to a medium-sized serving
bowl. Heat a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add sesame
oil, grated garlic, grated ginger, brown sugar, gochujang
paste, vinegar, and 1/2 cup water. Cook and stir
continuously until sugar has melted and sauce is smooth,
about 5 minutes. Drizzle sauce over twice-fried chicken
pieces, garnish with sesame seed and peanuts, and serve.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/roscoes-korean-fried-chicken-recipe-8707371 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Roscoe's Korean Fried Chicken
