Rustic Chicken and Dumplin's


Ingredients
1 whole chicken
1 teaspoon Morton Nature’s Seasons seasoning blend
3 tablespoons butter
1 (32 ounce) carton low-sodium chicken broth
2 cups water
1/2 onion
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
3 medium carrots
3 medium celery
1 1/4 cups flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 egg
1/2 cup whole buttermilk
1/2 cup butter
fresh parsley

Cooking Instructions

Season chicken pieces all over with the Morton’s seasoning
blend. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven over
medium-high heat. Add chicken pieces, skin sides down, and
cook until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Turn chicken pieces
and brown again, 6 to 8 minutes more. Add broth and water;
bring to a boil over high heat. Add onion, poultry
seasoning, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper. Reduce heat
and simmer, covered, 20 minutes. Add carrots and celery.
Leaving pot partially covered, continue simmering over low
heat until vegetables are almost tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, sift flour, baking powder, and remaining 1/2
teaspoon salt together in a large bowl. In a separate medium
bowl, whisk together egg and buttermilk. Cut chilled butter
into dry mixture using a pastry cutter or two forks. Blend
well to a crumbly consistency. Add buttermilk mixture and
gently stir with a wooden spoon until combined. Cover with
plastic wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes. Turn out dough onto
a floured surface. Using your hands, pat dough to
approximately 1-inch thickness and gently fold outer edges
into center. Continue to gently fold—do not knead—until it
comes together. Pat dough out again to approximately 1-inch
thickness. Remove cooked chicken from Dutch oven (an
instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of
chicken should register 170 degrees F /76 degrees C) and put
it on a plate. Cover with foil to keep warm. Skim fat from
broth. Bring broth to a gentle boil over medium-high heat.
Using a knife, cut dough into 9 (2x2-inch) squares. Gently
drop each square, one at a time, into boiling broth. Lower
heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, until all dumplings
rise to top and a toothpick inserted in center comes out
clean, about 10 minutes. Return chicken to pot and simmer an
additional 5 minutes. Spoon chicken and dumplin’s into
bowls. Garnish with parsley.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/rustic-chicken-and-dumplins-recipe-8707675 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rustic Chicken and Dumplin's
