Salted Caramel Irish Cream Poke Cake


Ingredients
cooking spray
1 (13.25-ounce) package yellow cake mix
1 cup water
3 large eggs
1/3 cup canola oil
1 (3.5 ounce) package cook-and-serve butterscotch pudding & pie filling mix
1 3/4 cups whole milk
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup Irish cream liqueur
3 cups heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup salted caramel topping
flaky sea salt

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan with cooking
spray and line with parchment paper, if desired. Beat cake
mix, water, eggs, and oil in a large bowl with an electric
mixer at low speed until moistened, about 30 seconds. Beat
at medium speed until no streaks of flour remain, about 2
minutes. Rinse beaters clean. Pour batter into the prepared
baking pan. Bake in the the preheated oven until a toothpick
inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 21 to
25 minutes. Five minutes before cake is done, whisk together
pudding mix and milk in a saucepan; heat over medium,
whisking constantly, until mixture starts to thicken, about
4 minutes. Remove from heat. Add salt and 1/2 cup of the
Irish cream and whisk vigorously until smooth. Poke holes
immediately into the warm cake with the round handle of a
wooden spoon. (Holes should be at 1-inch intervals and
extend down to the bottom of the baking dish.) Immediately
pour pudding mixture evenly over the warm cake, making sure
to fill all the holes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack until
room temperature, about 30 minutes. Cover and refrigerate
for at least 2 hours or up to 12 hours. Combine heavy cream,
6 tablespoons caramel topping, and remaining 3 tablespoons
Irish cream in a large bowl. Beat on medium-high speed until
stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes. Refrigerate until needed.
Spread whipped cream evenly over cooled cake. Drizzle with
remaining 2 tablespoons salted caramel topping. Sprinkle
with flaky sea salt, if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/salted-caramel-irish-cream-poke-cake-recipe-8789012 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Salted Caramel Irish Cream Poke Cake
