Sausage Gravy Kolaches


Ingredients
1/2 cup milk (110 degrees F (43 degrees C))
1 package dry yeast
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon kosher salt
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
1 large egg
2 1/4 cups all purpose flour, plus more as needed
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
8 ounces ground pork breakfast sausage (or sausage links with casings removed)
1 1/2 teaspoons all purpose flour
4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
4 green onions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish
2 tablespoons milk
2 sage leaves, finely chopped
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne
1 large egg, beaten, divided

Cooking Instructions

Combine warm milk, yeast, sugar, salt, and melted butter in
the bowl of a stand mixer with the dough hook attached. Add
egg and flour. Drop down dough hook and start kneading on
low speed, stopping and scraping down the sides every so
often in the beginning to make sure all the ingredients are
incorporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Once everything has come
together, increase speed 1 notch and continue kneading until
dough is very soft, very smooth, and slightly elastic, about
2 minutes. Transfer dough onto a work surface, knead for 1
minute, and shape into a smooth ball. Since the dough has
butter in it, it won’t be sticky. Return dough ball to a
lightly buttered bowl. Cover, and allow to rise in a warm
spot until it has doubled in size, about 90 minutes. Once
dough is risen, transfer to a work surface and punch down to
de-gas. Shape back into a ball, and weigh on a digital
scale. Divide amount by 8 and weigh out 8 equal dough
portions. Roll each portion into a smooth ball, using just
enough flour to keep it from sticking. Press and flatten the
dough into a disc about 3 1/2-inches wide and a 1/2-inch
thick. Shape with your hands to make a small indention in
the middle. Transfer to a silpat-lined baking sheet. Cover
and let proof until almost doubles in size, 45 to 60
minutes. Combine cooled sausage, cream cheese, green onions,
milk, sage, ½ of the beaten egg, salt, pepper, and cayenne
in a bowl. Mix filling into a thick paste with a spoon.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) Use
slightly damp fingertips to press a well into the center of
each kolache to place the filling. Be sure to leave no more
that 3/4-inch of un-pressed dough around the outside. Do not
press all the way through the dough to the baking sheet.
Brush each kolache with remaining egg wash. Fill evenly with
the sausage cream cheese mixture. Bake in the preheated oven
until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven,
transfer to a wire rack, and allow to rest for 10 to 15
minutes before serving. Top with sliced green onions for
garnish.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sausage-gravy-kolaches-recipe-7510692 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sausage Gravy Kolaches
