Seafood Pot Pie


Ingredients
½ cup unsalted butter
1 ½ cups thinly sliced yellow onion
1 cup thinly sliced fennel
1 cup thinly sliced celery
1 cup thinly sliced carrots
½ cup all-purpose flour
½ cup dry white wine
3 cups fish stock
¼ cup heavy cream, divided
1 tablespoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (8 ounce) fillet halibut, skin removed, cut into 1-inch pieces
½ pound sea scallops, halved horizontally
½ pound peeled and deveined medium shrimp
1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over
1 cup frozen green peas
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 (17.3 ounce) package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed

Cooking Instructions

Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add
onion, fennel, celery, and carrots; cook, stirring often,
until vegetables are softened and onion is translucent,
about 8 minutes. Add flour and stir to coat vegetables well,
stirring for 1 minute. Add wine, and stir until wine has
evaporated and mixture creates a slurry, about 15 seconds.
Add fish stock and 3 tablespoons cream, stirring until
mixture thickens into a creamy sauce, about 5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper, then gently fold in seafood,
green peas and parsley. Reduce heat to medium-low, and,
gently stirring often, bring mixture to a low simmer until
sauce is warm again but the seafood will not be completely
cooked through, about 6-8 minutes. Ladle 2 cups mixture into
each of 5 (18- to 20-ounce) ungreased ramekins or ovenproof
bowls. Place bowls on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place an oven
rack in middle position. Whisk egg and remaining 1
tablespoon heavy cream in a small bowl. Place defrosted puff
pastry sheets on a lightly floured work surface. Roll each
sheet into a 13" x 13" square and cut each square into
quarters. Discard any extra pastry. Place a square of pastry
over each bowl, decoratively folding corners in to fit the
bowl, and brush the top with egg wash. Use the tip of a
knife to create 3 small slits in the center of the pastry to
allow steam to vent during cooking. You may place chopped
fennel fronds or parsley leaves on the top of the pastry,
lightly pressing leaves onto the pastry in the egg wash to
adhere. Place baking sheet with individual portions in the
preheated oven and bake until pastry is golden browned and
filling is hot and bubbly, about 40 minutes. Let cool 10
minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8465302/seafood-pot-pie/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Seafood Pot Pie
