Semla (Swedish Fat Tuesday Buns)


Ingredients
1 cup warm milk (95-100 degrees F)
1 package active dry yeast (2 teaspoons)
1 ⅓ cups all-purpose flour
2 cups all-purpose flour
7 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
⅔ cup powdered sugar
1 large egg
2 ½ teaspoons ground cardamom
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 large egg
1 teaspoon water
14 ounces almond paste
½ cup powdered sugar
⅓ cup milk, or as needed to achieve desired texture
1 teaspoon ground cardamom, or to taste
1 ½ cups heavy cream, whipped
2 tablespoons powdered sugar for dusting

Cooking Instructions

Pour milk into the bowl of a stand mixer. Sprinkle yeast on
top, followed by 1 1/3 cups flour and mix with a wooden
spoon. Allow to stand until foamy, about 20 minutes. Add
flour, softened butter, powdered sugar, egg, cardamom, and
salt; knead with dough hook (or by hand) until a soft,
smooth, elastic dough forms, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer dough
to a lightly floured surface and shape into a ball. Divide
into 12 equal portions. Using flour as necessary, roll dough
under a cupped hand to form perfectly smooth balls. Place
dough balls evenly on a parchment lined baking sheet,
leaving space in between and slightly push down. Dust tops
with flour, and cover with a clean kitchen towel. Let rise
in a warm spot until doubled in size, about 2 hours. Preheat
the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Stir together egg
and water in a small bowl and brush rolls all over with egg
wash. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly golden, about
12 minutes. Transfer buns onto a wire rack and let cool
completely. Combine almond paste, powdered sugar, milk, and
cardamom in a food processor and blend almond filling until
smooth. Cut a triangle from the top of the buns, and remove
some of the crumbs to make room for the filling. Pipe almond
filling into each bun, and top with whipped cream. Place the
triangle on top and dust with powdered sugar before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8540775/semla-swedish-fat-tuesday-buns/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Semla (Swedish Fat Tuesday Buns)
