Sheet Pan Steak and Shrimp Fajitas


Ingredients
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 onion, thinly sliced
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 pound sirloin steak, sliced 1/4-inch thick across the grain
16 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 lime, halved
1/2 cup fresh cilantro sprigs
8 (8-inch) flour tortillas

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line 2
sheet pans with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Combine
chili powder, smoked paprika, oregano, salt, cumin, garlic
powder, and cayenne in a small bowl. In a large bowl,
combine green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and onion with 1
1/2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/2 of dry seasoning mixture.
Toss until evenly coated with seasoning mixture and spread
out in a single layer on one of the prepared pans.
Meanwhile, in the same large bowl, toss steak and shrimp
with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; add remaining
seasoning and toss again. Place steak on one side of second
prepared pan, with shrimp on the other side of pan. Place
steak and shrimp on a rack below vegetables and roast both
pans for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, swap rack positions
of the pans, bringing the lower pan up, and placing the
other pan on the rack below. Continue roasting until shrimp
is pink and tightly curled, steak is cooked to medium, and
vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes more. An instant read
thermometer inserted in center of steak should read 140
degrees F (60 degrees C) . If steak or vegetables require
more time, remove shrimp to a plate and keep warm, while
other ingredients continue cooking. Squeeze juice of half a
lime over contents of each sheet pan. To serve: Place a few
steak strips, onion and pepper strips, 2 shrimp, and some
cilantro on each tortilla. Roll up tortillas and contents
jelly-roll fashion, and enjoy!
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sheet-pan-steak-and-shrimp-fajitas-recipe-8305215 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sheet Pan Steak and Shrimp Fajitas
