Short Ribs Pizzaiola


Ingredients
1 (28 ounce) can plum tomatoes
6 beef short ribs
3 teaspoons kosher salt
2 tablespoons olive oil
10 large mushrooms
1 yellow onion
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon red chili flakes
8 cloves garlic
1/2 cup white wine
1 cup chicken or beef broth
1 large red bell pepper
1/2 cup basil leaves

Cooking Instructions

Transfer San Marzano tomatoes into a mixing bowl, and use
your hand to crush into a fine purée. Set aside until
needed. Season short ribs with salt on all sides. Heat olive
oil in a Dutch oven over high heat, and brown short ribs
very well on all sides, about 8 minutes. Turn off heat,
remove short ribs to a plate, and set aside. Add mushrooms,
along with a pinch of salt, and turn heat to medium-high.
Use tongs to turn each mushroom onto a flat side down, and
cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add onion and
cook, stirring, until they begin to turn translucent, 3 to 5
minutes. Add oregano, black pepper, and chili flakes, and
cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. Add garlic; cook for 1
minute more. Pour in white wine, and stir to deglaze the
bottom of the pot. Add tomatoes and broth. Turn heat up to
high and bring to simmer. Stir in the diced bell pepper, and
transfer short ribs back in. Reduce heat to low, cover, and
simmer gently until meat is very tender when pierced with a
fork, 3 to 4 hours. About 2 hours into the cooking time,
turn short ribs over. When short ribs are tender, remove to
a plate; set aside. Turn heat up to medium-high, and boil
sauce for about 10 minutes, or until it reduces to your
desired thickness. While reducing, excess fact can be
skimmed off the top. Taste; season with salt and pepper if
needed. Transfer short ribs back into sauce. reduce heat to
low, and simmer, basting occasionally with sauce, until
heated through, about 10 minutes. Serve with fresh basil.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/short-ribs-pizzaiola-recipe-8720220 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Short Ribs Pizzaiola
