Skillet Shrimp Fajitas with Cilantro-Lime Cream


Ingredients
1 cup sour cream
3 tablespoons cilantro
2 limes, zested and juiced
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
2 teaspoons chili powder
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons ground cumin
3/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon pepper
2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 onion, thinly sliced
1 green pepper, sliced vertically
1 red pepper, sliced vertically
1/4 cup avocado oil, divided
1 lime, juiced, divided
10 flour tortillas, warmed
1 avocado - peeled, pitted, and sliced (optional)
1 cup pico de gallo, (optional)
1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped (optional)

Cooking Instructions

For cilantro-lime cream, place sour cream in a small bowl
with a lid. Add cilantro, zest and juice of 2 limes, garlic,
and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Stir together well, cover, and
refrigerate until ready to serve. For fajita seasoning,
combine chili powder, cayenne pepper, cumin, paprika,
oregano, salt and pepper in a small bowl; set aside. In a
large bowl or resealable plastic bag, add 2 tablespoons oil,
half of lime juice, and fajita seasoning. Stir together or
squeeze the bag to combine. Add shrimp and mix well to coat
shrimp; set aside. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a
large skillet over medium heat. Stir onion and peppers into
the hot oil, and cook, stirring frequently, until some color
begins to develop on the vegetables, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove
vegetables from the skillet and set aside. Add shrimp to the
same skillet and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Return cooked
vegetables to the skillet. Cook and stir until shrimp is
opaque and pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Squeeze remaining lime
juice over the skillet contents. Fill warm tortillas with
shrimp, peppers, and onions, and garnish with avocado
slices, pico de gallo, and additional cilantro, if desired.
Drizzle with cilantro-lime cream.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/skillet-shrimp-fajitas-with-cilantro-lime-cream-recipe-7561267 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Skillet Shrimp Fajitas with Cilantro-Lime Cream
