Sloppy Joe Sliders


Ingredients
1 (12-count) package rolls
24 small slices sharp Cheddar cheese
1 teaspoon olive or avocado oil
1 pound 80% lean ground beef
1/2 large white onion,
2 teaspoons garlic paste
1 cup ketchup
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
3 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon chili powder and/or cumin
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
3/4 cup water
1/4 cup butter
1/2 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon ketchup
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
sesame or poppy seeds

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a
baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut rolls in half and lay
bottom halves on the sheet. Place a piece of cheese on each
bottom half. Set tops aside and cover baking sheet with a
tea towel while working on the filling. Heat oil in a heavy
skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and saute for 1
minute, then add ground beef. Cook until browned and
crumbly, breaking the meat up with a spoon, and onion is
soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain grease, then add garlic. Stir to
combine and lower heat to medium-low. Stir ketchup, brown
sugar, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, and chili powder
together in a small bowl. Add to the cooked beef, then stir
in water. Simmer on low, stirring frequently, until
thickened to your taste, 5 to 10 minutes. Season with salt
and pepper. Place a heaping spoonful of meat mixture over
cheese on the bottom half of rolls. Cover the meat mixture
with another slice of cheese. Replace the tops. For glaze,
mix butter, brown sugar, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and
Dijon mustard together in a small bowl. Brush over tops of
rolls, then sprinkle each roll top with sesame or poppy
seeds. Bake sliders, uncovered, in the preheated oven, until
cheese is melted and tops are nicely browned, about 20
minutes. Serve with BBQ sauce, ketchup, or yellow mustard
for dipping.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sloppy-joe-sliders-recipe-8789641 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sloppy Joe Sliders
