S'mores Cupcakes


Ingredients
1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
6 tablespoons brown sugar
1 pinch salt
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 pinch cinnamon
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 teaspoon espresso powder
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 cup brown sugar
1 large egg
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cake flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2/3 cup sour cream
18 large marshmallows
4 large egg whites, at room temperature
2/3 cup white sugar
6 tablespoons water
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon almond extract

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2
cupcake pans with liners. Prepare the crust: Mix graham
cracker crumbs, melted butter, brown sugar, salt, nutmeg,
and cinnamon together in a small bowl until combined. Place
1 packed tablespoon of crumb mixture into the bottom of
about 18 cupcake liners and press into an even layer. Bake
in the preheated oven until graham cracker crusts are
slightly darker in color, 8 to 10 minutes. Allow crusts to
cool. Prepare cupcakes: Whisk boiling water, cocoa powder,
and espresso powder together In a small bowl or measuring
cup until smooth and combined. Set aside to cool slightly.
Beat butter, vegetable oil, and brown sugar in a large bowl
with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 3
minutes. Add in egg, vanilla, and salt. Beat for an
additional 3 minutes on medium-high speed. Add in cocoa
powder mixture and beat until thoroughly incorporated. Add
in cake flour, baking powder, and baking soda, and mix until
just combined. Add in sour cream; mix until just combined.
Spoon about 2 heaped tablespoons of cake batter over each
graham cracker crust, making sure to fill each liner no more
than 2/3 full. (There may be extra batter to make 1 or 2
extra cupcakes without a graham cracker crust. Simply put
that batter into an empty liner, filling no more than 2/3
full, and bake as a plain chocolate cupcake). Bake in the
preheated oven, 1 pan at a time, until tops of the cupcakes
spring back when lightly touched, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow
cupcakes to cool in the pan for 5 minutes before carefully
removing to a wire rack to cool completely. To prepare
frosting, place an oven rack directly below the oven's
broiler; preheat broiler. Line a baking sheet with parchment
paper and lightly grease it. Place large marshmallows about
1 inch apart on the baking sheet. Place pan under broiler
and cook until marshmallows are golden brown and puffy,
rotating the pan often to ensure the tops of the
marshmallows brown evenly without burning, about 1 minute.
Remove pan from oven and allow marshmallows to cool. Place
egg whites, white sugar, cold water, cream of tartar, and
pinch of salt in a very large heatproof mixing bowl. Place
the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water (do not allow
the bottom of the bowl to touch the water), and begin to
beat the mixture on low speed with an electric hand mixer.
Gradually increase speed to medium-high and continue to whip
mixture over hot water until mixture holds stiff peaks, 8 to
10 minutes. Remove from heat and beat for 1 minute more. Add
in toasted marshmallows, vanilla, and almond extract.
Beginning on low speed and gradually increasing the speed to
high, beat mixture until completely smooth and no lumps of
toasted marshmallow remain, and the mixture once again holds
stiff peaks, 5 to 7 minutes. Place mixture into a large
piping bag fitted with a large round tip. Generously pipe
marshmallow frosting onto the top of each cooled cupcake. If
desired, use a kitchen torch to caramelize the frosting
until golden brown.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/s-mores-cupcakes-recipe-8646947 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=S'mores Cupcakes
