Stained Glass Cookies


Ingredients
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup powdered sugar
1 large egg yolk
1 ½ teaspoons vanilla extract
¾ teaspoon kosher salt
⅛ teaspoon almond extract, or more to taste
3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting
20 pieces fruit-flavored hard candy (such as Jolly Rancher®)

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2
baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. Beat
butter and powdered sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer
fitted with the paddle attachment on medium-high just until
combined, about 30 seconds (mixture does not need to be
light and fluffy). Scrape down sides and bottom of bowl and
add egg yolk, vanilla extract, salt, and almond extract. Mix
on low until incorporated, about 15 seconds. Scrape down
sides and bottom of bowl; add half of flour. Mix on low
until just incorporated, about 15 seconds. Add remaining
flour and continue to mix on low until a dough starts to
form, about 15 more seconds. Turn dough onto a clean,
lightly floured work surface and form into one mass. Knead
three or four times to create one smooth ball. Pat into a
disc and roll to 1/4-inch thickness. Run an offset spatula
under cookie dough to loosen from surface before cutting
into shapes. Using decorative cookie cutters about 3 inches
in diameter, cut out shapes of dough and transfer to baking
sheets. Using a slightly smaller decorative cookie cutter (1
1/2 to 2 inches in diameter), cut out centers of cookie
shapes on cookie sheets. Use a toothpick to remove dough
centers if needed. Combine dough centers and other dough
scraps; re-roll on a lightly floured surface and repeat
cutting procedure. (After rerolling and cutting once, if
desired, place any cut dough centers on a separate
parchment-lined baking sheet.) Unwrap and place same or
similar colored candies in separate zip-top bags. Use a
rolling pin to roughly crush candies in bag (do not crush
into a fine powder, pebble-sized pieces are okay). Fill each
emptied center of cookie shapes about 2/3 full with crushed
candy pieces. Bake on the center rack in the preheated oven
until cookies have set and candy has melted, 9 to 10
minutes. (If baking cut dough centers, bake about 8
minutes.) Remove and let cool for 10 minutes on baking
sheets. Repeat baking process with the remaining baking
sheet. Transfer to wire racks to cool completely, about 15
minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/stained-glass-cookies-recipe-8748386 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stained Glass Cookies
