Strawberry Rhubarb Drop Biscuits


Ingredients
1 1/4 cups rhubarb
1 1/4 cups strawberries
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 stick unsalted butter
1/4 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons fruit syrup
3/4 cup buttermilk
1 large egg (optional)
2 teaspoons water (optional)
1/3 cup powdered sugar
1 teaspoon lemon zest
2 teaspoons lemon juice

Cooking Instructions

Cut ribs of rhubarb in half lengthwise and slice into
1/4-inch pieces; place into a bowl. Add cubed strawberries
and 2 tablespoons sugar. Toss to combine, cover, and let
fruit macerate in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. Combine
flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a mixing
bowl; whisk to combine. Drain fruit in a strainer set over a
bowl. Reserve the syrupy juices that pass through. Grate
frozen butter into the flour mixture, while stirring with a
fork several times to coat butter pieces with flour. Add 1/4
cup sugar, and drained fruit, mixing with a fork until fruit
is coated with flour. Add 2 tablespoons of the reserved
fruit juices, and pour in buttermilk. Mix with a fork just
until the dry ingredients are incorporated into the dough.
If the mixture is too dry to come together, add a little
more buttermilk. If it seems too wet, and sticky, add a
little more flour. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230
degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silpat mat. Scoop or
spoon equal portions of dough onto the prepared baking
sheet. Whisk together egg and water in a small bowl. Brush
biscuits with egg wash, and sprinkle with sugar. Bake in the
preheated oven for about 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack
and let cool completely. Mix powdered sugar, lemon zest, and
lemon juice together in a small bowl for the lemon icing.
Fill icing into a piping bag or a plastic bag with the tip
cut off and drizzle icing over cooled biscuits.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/strawberry-rhubarb-drop-biscuits-recipe-7495124 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Strawberry Rhubarb Drop Biscuits
