Strawberry Shortcake Cookies


Ingredients
1/2 cup unsalted butter
3/4 cup white sugar
1 large egg, at room temperature
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
1 cup fresh strawberries
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/4 cup white sugar
1/3 cup all-purpose flour

Cooking Instructions

Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Place racks in top 1/3 and bottom 1/3
positions. Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with parchment
paper; set aside. For cookies, beat butter and sugar with a
stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium speed
until light and creamy, about 2 minutes, stopping to scrape
down sides of bowl as needed. Add egg and vanilla; beat
until fully combined and smooth, about 30 seconds. Add
baking powder, baking soda, salt, and flour to sugar mixture
in mixer; beat until no dry streaks remain. Reduce mixer
speed to low, and slowly add heavy cream; beat until fully
combined, about 30 seconds. Gently fold 3/4 cup strawberries
into cookie mixture with a rubber spatula until evenly
distributed. Scoop dough into 14 equal portions (about 3
tablespoons each) onto baking sheets; arrange 7 cookies per
baking sheet, spaced 1 1/2 inches apart. For crumble, stir
butter, white sugar, and flour together in a small bowl
until fully combined; using your fingers, rub mixture into
small crumbles. Gently press crumble and remaining 1/4 cup
strawberries evenly into tops of dough balls. Bake in the
preheated oven until edges are golden brown, 12 to 15
minutes, rotating baking sheets between top and bottom racks
and from front to back halfway through baking time. Cool on
baking sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack
to cool completely, about 20 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/strawberry-shortcake-cookies-recipe-8654611 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Strawberry Shortcake Cookies
