Strawberries and Cream Cupcakes


Ingredients
2 cups strawberries
6 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1 2/3 cups cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar
3 large egg whites
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
2/3 cup sour cream
1/3 cup 2% milk
2 ounces cream cheese, chilled
1/4 cup powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream

Cooking Instructions

Strawberries: Place strawberries and sugar in a small pot
over medium-low heat. Bring mixture to a simmer, stirring
often, and cook for 5 minutes. Stir cornstarch and water
together in a small bowl or measuring cup. Stir cornstarch
mixture into the strawberry mixture, and cook until
thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove pot from heat, and stir in
lemon zest and lemon juice. Pour mixture into a heat safe
bowl, and place uncovered into the fridge to chill. (Once
mixture is chilled and no longer condensing, you can then
cover the bowl.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175
degrees C). Line 2 cupcake pans with liners. Cupcakes: Sift
together cake flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and
nutmeg. Beat butter, oil, and 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar
until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add in egg whites,
vanilla, and almond extract, and beat mixture on medium-high
speed for another 3 minutes. Add in half of flour mixture
and mix until just combined. Add in sour cream and milk; mix
until just combined. Add in remaining flour mixture; mix
until just combined. Pour batter into prepared cupcake pans,
filling each liner no more than 2/3 full. Bake one pan at a
time, until tops of cupcakes spring back when lightly
touched, 22 to 26 minutes. Allow cupcakes to cool in the pan
for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool
completely, about 30 minutes Chill cupcakes in the
refrigerator for about 1 hour. This will make them easier to
cut and fill. Cream cheese whipped cream: Beat chilled cream
cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla, and salt together until
smooth. Add in 1/2 cup cold heavy cream, and mix on low
until mixture is smooth. Add in remaining heavy cream; beat
on medium-high until mixture holds stiff peaks. If desired,
place mixture into a piping bag fitted with an open star tip
(such as a Wilton® 1M). Place piping bag in refrigerator
until ready to use. Remove cupcakes from refrigerator.
Remove the liners and cut tops off cupcakes. Pipe a layer of
whipped cream on bottom half of cupcakes; top with about 1
to 2 teaspoons strawberry mixture. Place tops of cupcakes
back on, and lightly press down to adhere. Pipe more whipped
cream on top of cupcakes and top with another 1 to 2
teaspoons strawberry mixture. Chill in the refrigerator for
30 minutes before serving.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/strawberries-and-cream-cupcakes-recipe-8659397 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Strawberries and Cream Cupcakes
