Strawberry Lemon Cheesecake Rolls


Ingredients
1 cup whole milk
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 (1/4-ounce) active dry yeast
4 cups all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
1/3 cup unsalted butter
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, divided
1 3/4 cups strawberry preserves
3/4 cup cheesecake filling
1/3 cup lemon curd
1 tablespoon lemon juice

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. In a small saucepan, heat 1 cup of
the milk to 110 degrees F (43 degrees C) over low heat,
about 5 minutes. Pour warm milk into a liquid measuring cup,
and stir in sugar and yeast; let sit until foamy, about 5
minutes. Beat flour, eggs, butter, salt, and 1 teaspoon of
the lemon zest with a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook
attachment on medium speed until crumbly, about 1 minute.
With mixer on low speed, slowly stream in milk mixture until
fully combined, then increase speed to medium-low, and beat
until a smooth dough forms, 8 to 12 minutes. If needed, add
more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, if dough is too sticky.
Transfer dough to a greased 13- x 9-inch baking pan, cover,
and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1
hour. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface;
roll into a 18- x 15-inch rectangle (about 1/4 inch thick).
Spread 1 1/2 cups of the preserves evenly over bottom two-
thirds of the dough starting on 1 long side, leaving a
1/2-inch border. Carefully roll dough into a log starting at
long side with with preserves. Some of the preserves may
spill out as you roll, that’s okay. Slice dough log into 12
rolls, and arrange, cut sides down, back into greased baking
pan. Cover and let rise in a warm place, until doubled in
size, about 45 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175
degrees C). Bake rolls in the preheated oven until golden
brown, about 25 minutes. Brush remaining 1/4 cup preserves
evenly over rolls. Let cool slightly at room temperature,
about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together cheesecake
filling, lemon curd, lemon juice, remaining 3 tablespoons
milk, and remaining 1 teaspoon lemon zest in a medium bowl
until combined. Drizzle desired amount of lemon curd mixture
over warm rolls. Serve any remaining lemon curd mixture on
the side.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/strawberry-lemon-cheesecake-rolls-recipe-8629243 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Strawberry Lemon Cheesecake Rolls
