Stuffed Mushroom Dip


Ingredients
cooking spray
1 tablespoon salted butter
1/4 cup seasoned breadcrumbs
8 ounces Italian pork sausage
2 packages cremini mushrooms
1 tablespoon garlic
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 cup sour cream
1 (7-ounces) container chive-and-onion cream cheese,
1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley
3 ounces low-moisture part-skim mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, divided
crostini for serving

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190
degrees C) with rack in top third position. Grease an 8- x
8-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Set aside Melt butter
in a large skillet over medium-high. Add breadcrumbs and
stir until evenly coated in melted butter and fragrant,
about 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside;
wipe skillet clean. Return skillet to medium-high heat. Add
sausage and cook, stirring often, breaking it up into bite-
size pieces with a wooden spoon, until browned and almost
cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Add mushrooms, garlic, black
pepper, and salt; cook, stirring occasionally, until the
mushrooms are soft and excess moisture has evaporated, 12 to
15 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir sour cream, cream cheese,
parsley, 1/4 cup of the mozzarella cheese, and 1/4 cup of
the Parmesan cheese into mushroom mixture until fully
combined and smooth. Transfer to prepared baking dish,
spreading into an even layer. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup of
mozzarella cheese and remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese
evenly over the top. Top with reserved breadcrumbs. Bake in
preheated oven until cheese is melted and the edges are
bubbling, about 12 minutes. Increase oven temperature to
broil (do not remove baking dish from oven), and broil until
bread crumbs are deeply browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from
oven, garnish with parsley, and serve with crostini.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/stuffed-mushroom-dip-recipe-8706348 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stuffed Mushroom Dip
