Sweet Chili Popcorn Chicken


Ingredients
1 cup panko
1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut
3 tablespoons canola oil
1/4 cup cornstarch
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon sweet chili sauce
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs
1/2 cup sweet chili sauce
2 tablespoons ketchup
2 tablespoons tamari
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
thinly sliced scallions
toasted sesame seeds

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F
(220 degrees C). Prepare the Chicken: Place panko and
coconut on a large rimmed baking sheet and toss with 2
tablespoons oil to fully coat mixture. Spread into an even
layer. Bake in preheated oven until lightly golden, 3 to 4
minutes. Transfer to a shallow dish and stir in cornstarch.
Line the rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir
together mayonnaise, sweet chili sauce, ginger, garlic
powder, salt, and onion powder in a medium bowl. Add chicken
pieces and toss to coat. In batches, toss chicken pieces in
panko mixture, pressing to adhere and completely cover each
piece; transfer coated pieces to prepared baking sheet.
Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Let sit 5 minutes
to allow breading to set. Bake in the preheated oven until a
thermometer inserted into the thickest part of chicken
pieces registers 165 degrees F (74 degrees C) and the
coating is golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes, flipping halfway
through. Let sit 4 minutes before brushing with Sweet Chili
Sauce. While chicken sits, prepare the Sweet Chili Sauce:
Stir together sweet chili sauce, ketchup, soy sauce, and
lime juice in a small bowl. Brush chicken liberally with
sauce. Transfer chicken to a bowl and sprinkle with
scallions and sesame seeds. Serve immediately. Air-Fry
Instructions Preheat air fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees
C) for 3 minutes. Arrange about 1 1/2 cups of the breaded
chicken evenly in basket, with about 1 to 2 inches between
each piece. Cook until a thermometer inserted in the
thickest part of the largest chicken piece registers at
least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 12 minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sweet-chili-popcorn-chicken-recipe-8758346 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Chili Popcorn Chicken
