Sweet Potato and Bacon Pizza


Ingredients
1 2/3 cups water
1 teaspoon dry yeast
4 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons kosher salt
2 1/2 cups sweet potato
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/3 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon rosemary
1 lemon
1 cup Parmigiano Reggiano cheese
12 ounces bacon
2 tablespoons olive oil
6 ounces mozzarella cheese
2 ounces fontina cheese
1/3 cup Parmigiano Reggiano cheese
2 jalapeno peppers,

Cooking Instructions

For dough, mix yeast and water and let stand for 10 minutes.
Add flour and salt, and stir with a wooden spoon for 2
minutes to form a soft, sticky dough. Scrape down sides of
bowl, cover, and let rise in a cool spot until doubled in
size, 8 to 12 hours. Use a wet hand to deflate and de-gas
the dough, and form into a ball. Cover and store in the
refrigerator until needed. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F
(200 degrees C). Pierce sweet potatoes with a knife and
place on a baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until
soft, about 1 hour. Let cool until cool enough to handle,
about 10 minutes. Scoop sweet potato flesh into a bowl—you
will need about 2 1/2 cups. Add salt, black pepper, cayenne,
olive oil, rosemary, lemon zest, and lemon juice, and mash
until smooth. Stir in Parmigiano Reggiano, and taste for
seasoning. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (235
degrees C). Add bacon to a cold, dry, nonstick skillet.
Place over medium-high heat, and cook, separating bacon
pieces with tongs, until almost crisp, 7 to 10 minutes.
Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels; set aside. To
assemble pizza, pour olive oil on a sheet pan and spread
over evenly; place on dough, and use oiled hands to press
out to the edges. If dough is very elastic, let dough rest
and relax for a few minutes, then continue to stretch.
Repeat this process as needed to stretch dough to cover the
pan. Dollop sweet potato mixture onto dough; Spread a thin
layer over crust with the back of a spoon. Top evenly with
mozzarella, bacon, fontina, and jalapenos. Finish with
another dusting of Parmigiano Reggiano. Bake in the
preheated oven until crust is golden, and cheese is browned,
30 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven; cool in the pan for 5 to
10 minutes. Transfer to a board and slice with a pizza
cutter.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/sweet-potato-and-bacon-pizza-recipe-8747988 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Potato and Bacon Pizza
