The Best Chimichangas


Ingredients
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup onion
3 cloves garlic
1 tablespoon chili powder
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 cups plus 3 tablespoons water
1 chicken bouillon cube
1 (7 ounce) can green chiles
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups peanut oil or vegetable oil for frying, or as needed
8 (10 to 12-inch) flour tortillas
1 1/2 cups refried beans
1 (8 ounce) block pepper Jack cheese
shredded lettuce

Cooking Instructions

Sprinkle salt, pepper, and garlic powder evenly over one
side of the chicken breasts. Heat olive oil in a large deep
skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken, seasoned side
down, into skillet, and cook, undisturbed, until browned, 3
to 4 minutes. Flip chicken over and push to one side of the
pan. Add onion, garlic, chili powder, and cumin to the
skillet and cook for 1 minute. Add 2 cups water and bouillon
and gently stir until well combined. Bring mixture to a
simmer. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer gently until chicken
is no longer pink at the center and juices run clear, about
20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the
center should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove
chicken from pan and increase heat to medium-high; cook
until broth mixture is reduced by about half. Shred chicken
and add back to the pan, along with green chiles. Stir until
well combined and remove from heat. Whisk flour and
remaining water together in a small bowl until smooth; set
aside. Heat oil for frying in a large saucepan or Dutch oven
over medium-high heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Set
a wire rack over a rimmed baking sheet. Place tortilla on
work surface and spread about 3 tablespoons beans in the
center. Top with 1/4 cup shredded cheese and 1/3 to 1/2 cup
well-drained shredded chicken. Brush flour mixture lightly
around edges of top half of tortilla. Fold sides of tortilla
in just over edges of filling and fold bottom of tortilla up
over filling. Press back on the tortilla to push the filling
tightly together and continue to roll upwards. Lightly press
the edges of the tortilla to seal tightly and set aside,
seam side down. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Carefully
place 2 burritos into hot oil and cook, turning
occasionally, until golden brown and toasted on the outside,
about 2 minutes. Drain on the prepared baking sheet. Bring
oil back up to temperature and repeat with remaining
burritos. Top as desired with warm queso, pico de gallo,
cilantro and shredded lettuce, or other toppings, and serve
immediately.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/the-best-chimichangas-recipe-8637540 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Best Chimichangas
