The Best Teriyaki Ribs


Ingredients
2 racks baby back ribs
2/3 cup soy sauce
2/3 cup sake
1/2 cup mirin
1/3 cup rice vinegar
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
marinade
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger,
3 cloves garlic
2 tablespoons green onions,
1/2 teaspoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon sesame seeds

Cooking Instructions

Unwrap ribs, and use a sharp knife to make slashes through
the membrane attached to the bone side of the racks. The
membrane can also be peeled off using a paper towel. Cut
racks in half for easier marinating. For marinade, add soy
sauce, sake, mirin, rice vinegar, brown sugar, black pepper,
garlic powder, and cayenne to a bowl and whisk to combine.
Transfer ribs into a container or resealable plastic bag,
and pour over marinade. Ideally ribs should be just covered
with marinade. Cover container or reseal the bag, and
marinate in the refrigerator for 4 to 12 hours. Preheat the
oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Place a large sheet
of foil on a rimmed baking sheet, and arrange ribs on pan,
bone side down. Reserve all leftover marinade in the
refrigerator until needed. Place another piece of foil on
top, and fold edges of bottom foil up over top piece to
seal. Be sure everything is folded and crimped upward to
keep all meat juices in. Bake in the preheated oven for 2
hours. Let rest 10 minutes before unwrapping. Transfer ribs
to a plate and reserve. For teriyaki glaze, pour leftover
marinade into a saucepan, and add any cooking liquids from
the rib pan. Add ginger, garlic, green onions, and sesame
oil, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Cook until
liquids reduce by about half and thicken slightly, about 10
minutes. Remove from heat. Turn oven up to 350 degrees F
(175 degrees C). Place ribs back on the foil lined pan, and
brush with teriyaki glaze. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove ribs
from oven and brush generously with teriyaki glaze. Place
back in oven for another 10 minutes. Repeat this process 3
or 4 more times, or until ribs are tender. Test with the tip
of a knife, which should slide in with almost no effort.
Remove and let rest for 10 minutes, then slice between rib
bones and serve. Garnish with a sprinkling of toasted sesame
seeds and sliced green onions, and serve extra teriyaki
glaze alongside. Thin glaze with a little splash of water if
it is too thick.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/the-best-teriyaki-ribs-recipe-8701985 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Best Teriyaki Ribs
