These Copycat Choco Tacos Taste Just Like the Real Thing


Ingredients
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar
1/2 cup egg whites
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup flour
1/4 cup water
vanilla fudge swirl ice cream
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
1/3 cup coconut oil
1/2 cup unsalted peanuts

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Stand a thin hard cover book up
straight with the hard edge facing upwards. Drape a sheet of
parchment across the book (this is what you will use to
shape the shells). Line a plate with parchment paper. Heat
butter in a small saucepan over medium-low until melted, 2
to 3 minutes. Transfer the melted butter to a bowl, then
whisk in brown sugar, egg whites, vanilla to taste, and 1/2
teaspoon salt. Add flour and water. Whisk until the batter
is smooth and no clumps remain. Heat a non-stick skillet
over medium. Pour about 1 tablespoon batter into the pan;
spread into a thin layer with a spoon. Cook until browned on
the bottom and bubbles begin to form on top, 1 to 2 minutes.
Flip and cook until browned on other side, 1 to 2 minutes
more. Remove from pan and immediately drape over parchment-
lined book, pressing to help form that taco shell shape.
Transfer to a parchment-lined plate and repeat with
remaining batter. Let cool completely before filling.
Alternatively, preheat a waffle cone maker according to
manufacturer's instructions. Pour batter into the preheated
waffle maker and cook according to instructions. Remove from
pan and immediately drape across the parchment-lined book.
Let cool completely before filling. Remove ice cream from
the freezer and let soften for about 5 minutes. Meanwhile,
combine chocolate chips and coconut oil in a microwave-safe
bowl; microwave in 30-second intervals, mixing well between
each, until mixture is melted and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes.
Stir in chopped peanuts. Carefully fill the taco shells with
the ice cream, pressing down gently to evenly distribute the
ice cream to the edges. Repeat with the remaining taco
shells. Place back on the parchment-lined plate. Dip the top
of each ice cream taco in the peanut-chocolate mixture to
completely coat the exposed ice cream. Return to the
parchment-lined plate. Repeat with the remaining tacos until
all are dipped. Once chocolate has hardened, carefully place
Choco Tacos in a sealable container or bag and return to
freezer.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/copycat-choco-tacos-recipe-8660298 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=These Copycat Choco Tacos Taste Just Like the Real Thing
