Tiny Oatmeal Cream Pies


Ingredients
1 cup unsalted butter
1 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all purpose flour
1 1/4 cups old fashioned oats
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter
4 ounces cream cheese
1 (13-ounce) jar marshmallow cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Pinch fine sea salt

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) with oven
racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Line two
baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine butter, brown
sugar, and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted
with the paddle attachment (or in a large bowl if using a
hand mixer). Cream on medium speed until light and fluffy, 4
to 5 minutes. Add egg and vanilla extract, and mix on medium
speed to combine. Add flour, oats, cinnamon, baking soda,
and salt and mix on low speed until batter is evenly
combined. Scrape the base and side of the bowl, then mix
again on low speed just to make sure it’s evenly combined.
Drop scant teaspoon-sized balls of dough onto the prepared
baking sheet, staggering the rows of cookies, and leaving at
least 1 1/2 inches of space between each ball. Transfer to
the preheated oven and bake until lightly golden around the
outside edge, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove cookies from the oven
and tap baking sheets on your work surface a few times to
help flatten the cookies. Allow cookies to cool for 5
minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Repeat with remaining dough. Once cookies have cooled, turn
half of the cookies onto a baking sheet so the bottoms of
the cookies are facing up. Add butter to the bowl of an
electric mixer fitted with the whip attachment (or in a
large bowl if using a hand mixer) and beat on medium-high
speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Scrape the
base and sides of the bowl well, then add the cream cheese
and whip on medium-high speed until fluffy, 3 minutes more.
Scrape the base and sides of the bowl well. Add marshmallow
cream, vanilla, and salt and mix on medium speed until well
incorporated. Spoon, spread, or pipe filling onto the
inverted cookies. I like to use a disposable pastry bag with
a 1/4 inch opening cut from the tip, aiming for about 1
teaspoon of filling on each cookie. Place the other cookies
on top of the filling, pressing down gently to adhere.
Gently transfer cookies to an airtight container or
parchment lined tray, and tightly wrap the tray. Refrigerate
cookies for at least 4 hours (and preferably overnight) -
this allows the cookies to soften and the filling to become
more set. Store cookies in an airtight container until ready
to serve, they’ll keep at room temperature or refrigerator
for up to 5 days.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/tiny-oatmeal-cream-pies-recipe-8783087 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tiny Oatmeal Cream Pies
