Triple Coffee Sweet Rolls


Ingredients
1/4 cup espresso powder
2 cups milk,
2 1/4 teaspoons dry yeast
1 large egg, beaten
2 tablespoons white sugar
3/4 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
4 cups all-purpose flour, or more as needed
1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon espresso powder
1 tablespoon cocoa
1 1/4 cups confectioner's sugar
3 tablespoons espresso or strong coffee, or more as needed

Cooking Instructions

Combine 1/4 cup instant espresso and hot milk in the bowl of
a stand mixer, and let cool until just warm to the touch,
about 95 degrees F (35 degrees C). Add yeast, egg, white
sugar, salt, and 6 tablespoons melted butter. Add most of
the flour, attach the dough hook, and knead on low speed
until everything comes together and begins to pull away from
the sides of the bowl. Turn mixer speed up a notch, and
continue to knead until a smooth, soft, elastic dough forms,
adding in remaining flour as needed, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove
dough from the mixer, form into a ball, and place back in
the bowl. Cover and let it rise in a warm place until
doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours. Meanwhile, make filling. Melt
1/2 cup butter in a small pan over medium heat. Stir in
brown sugar, cocoa, and 1 tablespoon instant espresso
powder. Once combined, remove from heat and let cool. As
soon as butter starts to cool and solidify, stir to form a
thick, spreadable paste. Reserve until needed. Once dough
has risen, use your hands to press out the air, and reshape
into a ball. For best results, transfer dough to a plastic
bag and place in the refrigerator overnight. Dough can be
used right away if need be. Very lightly flour a work
surface. Turn dough out onto the work surface, press into a
rectangle, and very lightly dust the top with flour. Roll
out into a 12x18-inch rectangle. Spread filling evenly to
the edges, leaving a few inches along one of the long sides
free of filling. Lightly brush exposed dough with water;
this will help to seal the seam. Beginning with the long
side that has filling, roll dough and filling toward the
long side with exposed dough to form a uniform log,
finishing with the seam on the bottom. Generously butter a
9x12- or 13-inch baking dish or pan, and, if desired, line
the bottom with buttered parchment. Score the log of dough
into 12 equal portions, and then cut each portion with a
piece of string as shown. Place cut rolls into the prepared
pan. Cover rolls and leave to rise in a warm spot until
doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 375
degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake in the preheated oven until
puffed, golden brown at the edges, and an instant-read
thermometer inserted into the center, reads 200 degrees F
(95 degrees C), about 30 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes
before icing. Whisk together confectioner’s sugar with 3 to
4 tablespoons of espresso or strong coffee, or enough to
form an icing that can be drizzled over with a spoon.
Drizzle icing over rolls and let cool before serving, or
enjoy slightly warm.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/triple-coffee-sweet-rolls-recipe-8416515 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Triple Coffee Sweet Rolls
