Ultimate Lowcountry Shrimp and Grits


Ingredients
4 cups water
1 cup milk
3 tablespoons butter
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 1/4 cups grits
2 ears white sweet corn
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil
6 slices bacon
1 onion
4 green onions, divided
1/2 green bell pepper, diced
1/2 red bell pepper, diced
4 ounces okra, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 cloves garlic
2 tomatoes
1 1/2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles
2 cups chicken stock
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste (optional)
2 cups peanut oil or other vegetable oil for frying
3 large eggs
1 1/2 pounds shrimp,
2 cups flour
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 1/2 teaspoons paprika
1 teaspoon pepper
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 green onions, thinly sliced
chopped parsley for garnish (optional)

Cooking Instructions

Combine water, milk, butter, and salt in a large saucepan
and bring just to a boil. Whisk in grits until incorporated.
Reduce heat to simmer, cover, and cook until thick, 25 to 30
minutes, stirring often. If mixture gets too thick, add a
little more milk or water. Cut kernels off corn cobs, and
using the back of the knife, carefully scrape the cob to
release the creamy corn milk. Stir corn kernels and corn
milk into grits and continue cooking until grits are creamy
and tender, 15 to 20 minutes longer, stirring often. Stir in
pepper and adjust seasonings if necessary. Meanwhile, heat a
large deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add olive
oil and bacon slices in a single layer, and cook until bacon
is crisp, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. Remove
bacon from the skillet, drain on paper towels, and set
aside. Crumble bacon once cool enough to handle. Reserve
drippings in the skillet and return skillet to medium-high
heat. Finely slice green onions and reserve green ends for
garnish. Add white parts of green onion, onion, green and
red bell peppers, and okra to the skillet and cook until
softened and lightly browned, stirring often, about 5
minutes. Add in salt, pepper, garlic powder, and cayenne and
cook for 1 minute. Add fresh tomatoes and garlic, and cook
for 2 minutes. Add butter to mixture and allow it to melt.
Sprinkle flour over skillet and cook, stirring constantly,
about 1 minute. Add in tomatoes, with juices, and stock
while stirring constantly until smooth. Stir in sugar,
Worcestershire, and hot sauce, and return mixture to a
simmer. Cook gravy for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Heat peanut oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) in a large,
deep skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk eggs in a bowl;
add shrimp and stir to coat. In a shallow dish, whisk flour,
salt, paprika, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Working a
few at a time, remove shrimp from egg, allowing excess to
drip off, and lightly coat in flour mixture. Transfer shrimp
to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with
remaining shrimp. Working in batches, add shrimp to hot oil
and cook, turning occasionally, until lightly browned and
crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on a wire rack set over a paper
towel-lined baking sheet. To serve, place grits in the
bottom of a shallow bowl. Top with about 1/2 cup of gravy
and 6 to 8 shrimp. Top with crumbled bacon, and sprinkle
with green onions and parsley if desired.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/ultimate-lowcountry-shrimp-and-grits-recipe-8660975 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ultimate Lowcountry Shrimp and Grits
