Unstuffed Shells Pasta Bake


Ingredients
12 ounces medium pasta shells
cooking spray
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 pound ground sirloin
1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon talian seasoning, divided
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground freshly ground
1 yellow onion
1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 (24 ounce) j marinara sauce
1 cup whole-milk ricotta cheese
1 8 ounce) package cream cheese
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup fresh basil leaves
1 large egg
1 cup low-moisture part-skim mozzarella cheese

Cooking Instructions

Gather all ingredients. Bring a large pot of salted water to
a boil. Add shells and cook, stirring occasionally, until
tender yet firm to the bite, about 9 minutes. Drain well and
set pasta aside. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees
F (180 degrees F). Lightly grease a 13- x 9-inch oven-safe
baking dish with cooking spray; set aside. Heat oil in a
large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add ground sirloin,
1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning, and 1/4
teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until beef
is lightly browned but not fully cooked through, about 5
minutes. Add onion and 1 tablespoon garlic; cook, stirring
occasionally, until onion is softened, about 5 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium; stir in marinara sauce, and cook,
stirring occasionally, just until beginning to simmer, about
3 minutes. Remove from heat. While beef mixture cooks, stir
together ricotta, cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, basil, egg,
remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2
teaspoon Italian seasoning, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a
large mixing bowl until evenly combined. Gently fold in
cooked pasta until evenly coated. Transfer 1/2 of the beef
mixture (about 2 cups) into the prepared baking dish,
spreading into an even layer. Top evenly with pasta mixture.
Spread remaining beef mixture over pasta layer, and sprinkle
evenly with mozzarella cheese. Cover baking dish loosely
with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until
bubbling around the edges and cheese is just beginning to
melt, about 25 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until
cheese is fully melted and pasta is heated through, about 10
minutes more. Remove from oven and serve, garnished with
basil.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/unstuffed-shells-pasta-bake-recipe-8747308 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Unstuffed Shells Pasta Bake
