Yakamein (New Orleans-Style Noodle Soup)


Ingredients
1 1/2 pounds beef chuck roast, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon paprika
2 tablespoons avocado oil or vegetable oil
1 cup yellow onion
1/2 cup celery
1/2 cup green pepper
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 1/2 teaspoons orcestershire sauce
1 1/2 teaspoons granulated garlic
8 cups water
2 tablespoons beef bouillon paste
12 ounces dry spaghetti
4 large hard boiled eggs, peeled and halved
1 cup green onions

Cooking Instructions

Place beef pieces into a bowl and add salt, black pepper,
cayenne pepper, and paprika. Toss very thoroughly until meat
is evenly coated. Let sit at room temperature for about 20
minutes before browning, or place in the fridge until
needed. Add oil to a heavy-bottomed pot, and heat on high
until oil is shimmering. Add beef in a single layer, and
sear until a nice brown crust forms, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn
beef over, and let other side cook about 2 minutes. The
second side will not brown like the first, but that’s okay.
Turn heat down to medium-high; remove beef to a bowl and set
aside. Add onions, celery, peppers, and minced garlic to the
pot, and cook, stirring, until onions begin to turn
translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add beef back in along with any
accumulated juices. Add soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce,
granulated garlic, water, and beef bouillon paste. Stir and
wait for soup to come to a simmer. Lower heat to medium-low
and simmer until the meat is very tender, 60 to 90 minutes.
Before serving, taste and adjust with more salt or soy if
needed. Keep soup on low heat until ready to serve. Bring a
large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti
in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender,
about 12 minutes. Drain, and divide evenly between 4 large
soup bowls. Ladle hot soup over noodles, and garnish each
bowl with a hardboiled egg , hot sauce, and sliced green
onions.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/yakamein-new-orleans-style-noodle-soup-recipe-8422264 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Yakamein (New Orleans-Style Noodle Soup)
